The first footage of this video is some very hard to find stuff, which shows a crisis actor being walked down the street, with his shoulder being held by a police officer, they are given some sort of information (presumably regarding being in a different place) and they break off running.. They are also followed by "Asian man" who was standing around listlessly shortly before.

There is no way to explain this footage away, this is most obviously a crisis actor who is in the wrong location, who was supposed to be somewhere else, and needs to be there asap.  

There is further speculation that this kid with the backwards baseball hat and long hair is the same person who later posed for the bloody shot shown at the same location.  The Asian man checking his watch also appears around the same area.

In my opinion, the parking structure was a staging area, and the perfect place to deploy people and makeup. 

The second part of this video looks at an overall "Street view" shot of the crisis actors standing around, attempting to look busy, and "doing First Aid" on people, such as handing them towels, wrapping bandages around their heads etc-  Why there are civilians wrapping bandages around people's heads, and bizarre men walking through the scene holding briefcases is anyone's guess.

The last part of this video looks at the 3rd "explosion" and how it is obviously coming from the ceiling.  The police allegedly blew up a 3rd device (weird how they would do that inside the airport and not remove it)- and it appears as though the blast is coming from the roof, as yet another ceiling tile falls to the ground, and smoke is visible in/around the roof.  Again, this would further the speculation that whatever "exploded" was actually loaded into the roof.

The video finishes off with a few duping delight smilers.. no hoax/false flag would be complete without a bunch of total idiots laughing and smiling their faces off.. They just got into the "club" afterall.. and are about to be rich.. It's all pretty awesome actually.

Here is the YouTuber "We See" 's youtube account:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClcowL-YyT3Hnf6lItEF7XA

Here is the original footage "Interview with TRT Haber correspondent Dondu Sariisik on Brussels blasts updated ", which was presented https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWingY-7Gs4