힐러리 클린턴 건강이상설 증폭
  Over on the U.S. political arena,… as one of the two runners of the November presidential election seems to have been diagnosed with pneumonia. 
At a ceremony event held in New York, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton was seen shaky, after what her campaign said was a case of overheating and dehydration.
Shin Se-min reports. 
 
  Questions over the health of U.S. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton are arising again after the former Secretary of State seemed to be collapsing during a 9/11 memorial service in New York on Sunday. 
A video posted on social media showed Clinton leaving the memorial event early from ground zero,… then stumbling and losing her balance before aides around her helped her get into a vehicle. 
A spokesperson for Clinton's campaign said she was 'overheated' and 'dehydrated' during the ceremony.
She was reportedly taken to her daughter Chelsea's apartment, leaving the place hours after the incident, and stating she felt great while waving at reporters and the public. 
 
   "It's a beautiful day in New York."

  On the same day, Clinton's doctor released a statement, saying she has been diagnosed with pneumonia on Friday,… quote, 'Hillary was put on antibiotics, and was advised to rest and modify her schedule.'

  Although her doctor said she is recovering well, this is not the first health scare that the 68-year-old democratic nominee has experienced. 
During a Labor day campaign rally in Cleveland, Ohio, she had a massive coughing fit.
Sunday's incident has served to fuel for more attacks from her republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.
 
   "She will not be a good President. She doesn't have the strength,… she doesn't have the stamina."

  With the first presidential debate scheduled to take place on later this month and as early voters begin heading to the polls,… Clinton's health concerns seem to be influencing strategies from both campaigns in an already tight race.

Shin Se-min, Arirang News.   


Visit ‘Arirang News’ Official Pages
Facebook(NEWS): http://www.facebook.com/newsarirang

Homepage: http://www.arirang.com
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/arirangtv
Twitter: http://twitter.com/arirangworld
Instagram: http://instagram.com/arirangworld