What are fixed vs variable annuities – What is a fixed vs variable annuity? 1-800-566-1002 http://www.RetireSharp.com . What are the best types of fixed vs variable annuities and learn how you can avoid the most common mistakes that individuals have made when looking into a fixed annuity vs variable annuity.

Why Choose an Annuity? The Benefits of Fixed and Variable Annuities 
 
Fixed and variable annuities are the two main types of annuities available to investors, each offering their own unique features and benefits. While the primary purpose of an annuity is to provide an income stream during retirement, otherwise referred to as the liquidation of an estate, there are a number of other reasons investors choose this vehicle within their overall portfolio. Here are some of the primary benefits of annuities to investors: 
 
Immediate Income - Immediate annuities offer retirees an immediate income stream. This feature offers the solution many retirees are seeking; a guaranteed income stream to cover their basic household expenditures. Immediate income is created with a single lump sum investment made into either a variable or fixed annuity contract. For example, a retiree may choose to transfer or re-invest their non-qualified or even qualified capital into an immediate annuity for the purpose of creating a guaranteed income stream for life. Depending upon the risk tolerance of the annuity owner, a fixed or variable annuity contract may be selected. 
 
Income for Life - One of the primary concerns of many retirees is outliving their capital. An annuity can offer peace of mind to investors, as they can offer a guaranteed income for the duration of the account owner's or annuitant's lifetime. 
 
Tax Deferral - One of the most attractive features of an annuity is the tax deferral offered to the capital invested during the appreciation phase. Any capital appreciation shown on the investments within an annuity are not taxed during the capital appreciation phase. This benefit allows an investor's capital to compound over time. 
 
Guarantees - When annuity owners select fixed contracts, they are receiving a guaranteed rate of return or interest on their underlying capital. This guaranteed interest rate is stated within the annuity contract offered by the insurance company. And upon withdrawal, they are receiving a guaranteed income for life or for a period certain, depending upon which option was selected.
Feel free to subscribe to our YouTube channel and receive instant access on different retirement related topics. Thanks for watching!

Related Search terms:

Fixed annuity vs variable annuities
Fixed vs variable annuity income
Fixed vs variable annuity explained
Fixed vs variable annuity reviews
Variable vs Fixed Annuity review
What is the best fixed indexed variable annuity vs the top immediate income fixed or variable annuity for retirement


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFp7luD6FfI