He said those words, and she stopped breathing for a minute, she couldn't breathe for a second. Her heart was pounded into her chest, and she felt her head spin when asked her. She was unaware of how the animals seemed to be in tune to all of this. "I thought you said you didn't believe in marriage?", but it was the logical step, the pair had been together for almost six years now, and the two had been completely faithful to one another. She loved him, she loved him like no one before. She'd basically given a big fuck you to everyone who told her he was no good, and what not. But that was six years ago, and now to those who knew them, knew those two where perfect for one another. But she'd never pressured the man to give her a big old ring or wedding, she knew his stance on marriage, and kids. And she was content with that, and she did not force his hand. And no one bothered to question her as to what she'd do if she ever wanted a family. Now she stared at him, half scared she'd get heel turned on, but then she'd whisper still looking directly at him. As if she was imagining the rest of her life him and that's when she responsed after what probably seemed like a life time of silence. "Yes, I do."

There was a moment of silence, as he'd listen to her proposition about his disbelief of the whole concept.  It was after all abunch of paperwork and theological horse shit as he had put it.  But Punk was begining to accept that in the natural order of things, being just that, a Punk, wasn't nearly as cute as aged crept on him more day by day.  When he'd remark with a "Uh.", and start branching to answer her inquiry, she'd follow up with a yes.  He was almost unsure of what to do now.  He didn't have a ring, nor had he planned on this whole exchange.  The long trip had simply trickled into his mind thoughts of her, and how much the concept of her not being in his life had become foreign.  A dirty smeared future that wasn't exactly what he was searching for.  Still talking in that overtly quiet tone he'd speak, trying to take the edge off the situation.  "Look at it like this, if we don't get on it soon enough, The State's gonna beat us to it.  And I'm not gonna let them tell us what we are.  Besides, I love you.  Ms... heh.. Punk."  There was a follow up sucession that was a heavy kiss, he was pulling her up into his arms from the counter, and pattering her with more of that contact of those metal infused lips.  A warm embrace, and a meek smile breaking through the nano seconds of air he was getting.

----

Fandom; Wrestling / E-Fed
Characters; CM Punk / Tribal [OC played by Amy Lee]
Song; Bjork - "Joga" (Matta Dubstep Remix) 
Audio (because vegas is mean) - "So I noticed this little rock, well it's not little, but i have to ask about that?

I got in engaged"
---

Punk&Tribal or Tri-Punk has they are known to RCWF have been together for almost six years, it will be six in November. It happened with a tour bus, with months and months of teasing and tormenting from Punk, until one night there was this exchange her finger for a kiss, it all started with a kiss.  These two are Matt and I's pride and joy the ones we are most protective about, the ones that no one will ever hold a candle too. 

Last week I was given the choice for RP night --- "JxHQ or Tri-Punk?", he said, and because and I made the choice, Tri-Punk. As a result, he asked her to marry him, I gasped out loud. These two have been together for six years, literally six years. This isn't anyone skipping time, I have their first logs. 

Also it's really really hard to find a romantic song for them, their musical taste is dramatic, so Joga by Bjork is perfect. And as always if you're confused, let me know --- I can explain everything.