CLICK THE LINK to find out more about this easy, powerful tool: http://goseeitnow.com/commissionautomator



Commission Automator

The product itself, now this is awesome. This product is software that is going to revolutionize the way affiliate marketing is done, because it makes point and click review sites in minutes.

I'm talking about unique review sites, where no two are exactly the same. That's how awesome this is. It's like a Wordpress theme on steroids, because users can create review sites in any niche, using any Clickbank product.

And they can add reviews for any of those products to their site with basically one or two clicks. 

They can also add their own opt-in form, and then their own Twitter and Facebook icons with one click. They can customize those icons with a variety of different styles, without any HTML, CSS, or tech skills. 

So it's absolutely brilliant and beautiful, people don't need to mess around with HTML or CSS to get their site to look right. 

The pro version of Commission Automator is even crazier, because it has built-in header graphics, where the user can actually just choose one of the 25 built-in headers, and then put in whatever text they want to overlay their headers. They don't even need to upload graphics or anything else to create a complete site. 

They can add video posts on the fly based on keywords. So they can create awesome video posts right on their site that are totally unique to their site, because they can choose the videos to add, and they can do it on the fly. 

They can also add article posts, in one or two clicks each. We have a 230,000 article directory they're going to be able to choose from. They can make completely unique sites, in any niche, using any Clickbank products, with totally unique articles and videos for their specific site. 

Their site will be unique to them. I can't emphasize that enough, because that is the key point with Commission Automator. 

And it's all point and click simple!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCu-MaKDpbE



commission automator, commission automator wso, clickbank, affiliate site, website builder




http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ClickBank