www.TwinFlame1111.WordPress.com

TwinFlameInfo@gmail.com

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For those who are dealing with separation, you may find yourselves frustrated with everyone saying that it is an illusion. Separation helps us grow, reflect, etc. For those who are having a hard time with this, go back to the basics. Ask, what is really going on and what is the purpose of this. What is really going on:

Separation is an illusion and so is reality.

Our frequency and focus creates our reality.

If our frequency and focus creates our reality, then we are each our own reality.

If we perceive lack, we manifest lack. If we perceive abundance, we manifest abundance.

Our environment CAN influence our reality. (i.e. If you’re in a group and everyone in that group is dealing with separation, your attention to the frequency of the group can affect your frequency, regardless if everyone is positive about the situation, or if they are feeling the emotional discomfort of it.)

THERE IS A BIGGER PICTURE TO THIS

Most of the time, separation occurs to help the two individuals in question mature by releasing old templates/belief systems, etc. However, in regards to being separated from your twin or divine counterpart…

You can NEVER be separated from your twin or divine counterpart. Many people don’t see it because they are looking for them outside of themselves, when in all reality, their twin or divine counterpart is in their heart.

During times of separation, look inside your heart. They will be there. They’ve always been there. And when you do that, continue your journey from there.

I’m not saying that everything will be easy. There will be times that will really challenge you, and there will also be times where you just want throw in the towel. During those times, I recommend that you connect inward to your twin or divine counterpart and ask them for help. **Being vulnerable is one of the common themes that many of us had to go through. But let me ask you this – if your twin or divine counterpart came to you in sincere vulnerability asking for your help, would you judge your twin or divine counterpart and use that to your advantage, or would you truly be there for him/her?

The difference between a relationship and union is that in a relationship, it is two people who are in, most of the times, cooperation with one another, and if it doesn’t work out, they can break up and go to another one. A union is truly two peas in one pod. Meaning, in relationship, each twin or divine counterpart will go through the trials alone such as, this is my thing and this is her thing. However, while in union, the trials are done so together. Twins and divine counterparts are in union, not relationships.

Mind you, each set of twins or divine counterparts is unique, and each trial you go through together will be unique to you and your union. Meaning, you and your twin or divine counterpart know exactly how to navigate through the trials.

In this time that we are in now, trials are getting easier and shortened.

The key to passing the test of separation is your twin or divine counterpart, and where you will find them is where they have always been – with you, in your heart.