You will learn about "Solution, Suspension and Colloid" in this video. Let us understand this with the help of an activity. Take some water in 3 separate beakers. Add sugar in the 1st beaker, chalk powder in the 2nd beaker and some milk in the 3rd beaker. Stir all the mixtures.

Now, direct a beam of light from a torch through these beakers. In the 1st mixture, the particles of sugar have completely disappeared in the mixture. Such a mixture is called a homogenous mixture. (Homogenous means consistent or uniform throughout). When light is directed through the 1st beaker, we are unable to see the path of the light inside the homogenous mixture. As the particles of sugar are very small, they cannot scatter any light. Such a mixture is called a solution. Here, the size of particles is usually less than 1 nm.

In the 2nd mixture, we can observe some chalk particles freely moving in the water. Such a mixture is called a heterogeneous mixture. ( Heterogeneous means non-uniform) Size of particles in a suspension is usually larger than 1000 nm. When light is directed through the 2nd beaker, the path of light is visible inside the heterogeneous mixture.

The particles of chalk are insoluble in water and are big enough to scatter the light passing through them. Such a mixture is called a suspension and this effect of scattering of light is called Tyndall effect. However, these particles eventually settle down. So, therefore after some time, the Tyndall effect may not be observed in suspensions.

Now, let us have a look at the 3rd mixture. Here also, the path of light is visible through the mixture. This mixture appears to be homogenous, but when observed under a highly powered microscope, it is actually a heterogeneous mixture. Such a mixture is called a colloid. Here, the size of particles is between 1 nm and 1000 nm. In a colloid, the particles never settle down. Hence, the Tyndall effect is always observed in colloids.

@Subscribe on Youtube: http://www.youtube.com/user/Smartlearningforall?sub_confirmation=1
@Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/smartlearningforall
@Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/SmartLearningFA