Manajah Presents : Bielefeld Special

A Special for my Hometown

Bielefeld is an independent city that is the largest city of the Ostwestfalen-Lippe Region in Germany
The city is situated below a pass separating the Northern and Southern Teutoburg Forest
State: North Rhine-Westphalia
Official Languages: German
Area: 258 Km²
Populution: Ca. 325.000
Currency: Euro 

Religion: Ca. 46 % of the Populution are Protestant Christians & 15 % Catholic Christians. 
The oldest city church is Altstädter Nicolaikirche (see Picture at 4:11). It was founded in 1236 by the Bishop of Paderborn
The Rest have No Religion or Other Religions. Ca. 250 Jews live in Bielefeld (see Synagoque at 6:54). 
The most Muslims are Turkish Orgin (See Mosque at 6:49)

Sport: Most Popular Sport are Football (Soccer). The DSC Arminia Bielefeld (see Stadium at 5:57 & 6:02) are the most succesfull club from Bielefeld. 
Arminias name derives from the Cheruscian chieftain Arminius, who defeated a Roman army in the Battle of the Teutoburg Forest in A.D. 9

History: Founded in 1214 by Count Hermann IV of Ravensberg to guard a pass crossing the Teutoburg Forest, Bielefeld was the "city of linen" as a minor member of the Hanseatic League.
In the Time of Nazi Germany, the town's Jews synagogue was burned in 1938 by the Nazis. Many Jews fled in foreign countries or were killed by the Nazis. 
In the Year 1944/45 was Bielefeld Bombed by the US American & British Air Forces. 
1.300 People in Bielefeld died & Many historic Buildings was destroyd.
After the War many destroyd Historic buildings were replaces by modern buildings & a begining of a Economy Boom was started

Main sights: Sparrenburg Castle (See Picture at 0:52) is the most famous landmark. It was built between 1240 and 1250 by Count Ludwig von Ravensberg.
Bielefeld is also the seat of the two largest Protestant social welfare establishments (Diakonie) in Europe

Bielefeld Conspiracy: The Bielefeld Conspiracy is a running gag and meme among German Internet users. The story goes that the city of Bielefeld does not actually exist.