Buy "True Colors" on iTunes!  https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/true-colors-feat.-olivia-kay/id931070681?i=931070685

Hi BBoys & BGirls!  Thanks for watching the brand new cover of one of MattyB's all time favorites #TrueColors!  This has been one of the special projects that MattyB has had the privilege to work on so far and he hopes you enjoy it as much as he enjoyed creating it.  

We live in a world where differences are all around us.  Sometimes it's easy to get caught up in these differences, especially when we see them in the people that surround us everyday.  MattyB believes that everyone deserves the same thing: love.  It's not always popular to love someone and embrace their differences, especially when others make fun of them.  But being a leader means standing up for what you believe in and choosing to do the right thing... even when it's not always popular.  

MattyB loves YOU and hopes you will help him spread this message to your friends and family online.  If you like this video and want to help spread the word, you can LIKE, FAVORITE, COMMENT and SHARE this video on Facebook & Twitter.  The official hashtag is #TrueColors

Special Thanks to Olivia Kay for helping out with this project!  Follow her music online at:

https://www.Youtube.com/hrkay1970
https://www.Facebook.com/NextStarNowOliviaKay
https://Twitter.com/OliviaKayMusic

Keep following your dreams!

OFFICIAL MATTYB LINKS

MattyB Gear Store
http://MattyB.Spreadshirt.com

Main Channel
http://www.MattyBRaps.com

Vlog Channel
http://www.YouTube.com/MattyBVlogs

Twitter
http://www.Twitter.com/MattyBRaps

Facebook
http://www.Facebook.com/MattyBRaps


Lyrics

You with sad the sad eyes
Don’t be discouraged, oh I realize
It’s hard to take courage
In a world full of people
You can lose sight of it all
All the dreams inside you
But you feel so small

I can name a couple things that should never change
Like the feeling of happiness that you get when you’re with friends on a summer day
The simple things: how we work, how we play
How we all should treat each other the same
You know acceptance isn’t easy though; it challenges us all in some way
Weather its color, age, gender or race
We get uncomfortable when someone else is different
And they enter our space and it pressures us to be open to change
But take a moment, flip the script and try to picture this with roles rearranged
Because you’re different you experience hate
Mistreated not because of actions that you’ve taken or a terrible mistake
But hated on because of your DNA

I see your true colors shining through
I see your true colors and that’s why I love you
So don’t be afraid to let them show
Your true colors, your true colors

It’s crazy all the types people we can characterize
We laugh when friends tell us a story and they start to describe
In funny ways a group of people through a stereotype
But when it’s pointed back at you, hold up, that isn’t true
You see it’s never doing harm until it feels unfair
And then we speak up but wonder why no one else cares
I think the truth is that we all just want a place to fit in
It’s hard enough to find friends, much less for some other kid
But if we’re honest inside
And really wanna do right
Judging others for something they have no control over might
Be comical at times, but that’d make me less of a man
The bigger thing I think is standing as a leader instead

I see your true colors shining through
I see your true colors and that’s why I love you
So don’t be afraid to let them show
Your true colors, your true colors

I keep believing for the day we put our difference aside
And let a person be themselves before we cover our eyes
Imagine life without the boundaries we create with our pride
And opportunities we lose because we judge from inside
I’m just a kid but now I’m trying hard to rationalize 
How somebody can spot a splinter with a log in their eye
There’s a legacy that we’re leaving and it’s greater than us
Cause the truth is that we’re all equal and the answer is love

I see your true colors shining through
I see your true colors and that’s why I love you
So don’t be afraid to let them show
Your true colors, your true colors
Are beautiful like a rainbow

There's always room for change