In Spanning Backup, there's an option to export your email files to an mbox format, but many people wonder, "What do I do with the exported file?" We'll answer this question for you today. To start with, log into Spanning Backup for Google Apps. Under the "Restore" tab, you can choose the emails that you want to export and then click on the "Export" button. You get a notification saying that this is going to be in a compressed file, and it's also going to be emailed to you. So, I'll click "Go," and you can see down here the progress, as well as up here at the top of the page.

And now I've gotten a notification saying that the export has been completed. When I go to my email inbox, here is the file that I requested. So I can click here and that will download to my desktop. And when I go ahead and unzip this file, you can see here is my mbox file that was exported. Now in order to view the mbox file, you'll need to use a third-party email reader, and the one that we recommend is Thunderbird, a third-party email reader from Mozilla. So you can download Thunderbird from http://mozilla.org/thunderbird, which I have already done here, and now I'm going to configure Mozilla Thunderbird to work with my email account. So I'll create a new account, I am going to choose "Skip this" and use my existing email and I'll use my regular email credentials to log in to the account.

And once I hit "Continue," everything should automatically configure the way that it's supposed to for me. And I'll click "Done." And here you can see my email account. Now, you'll notice there's nothing in the inbox yet. It's going to take a while because there's a lot of messages in there to be imported. In the meantime, the next thing that we need to do is to install the Import/Export Tools add-on for Mozilla. I can find this by searching for it at http://addons.mozilla.org, and the one we are looking for is called Import/Export Tools. I'll click here to download this now. This is also going to download to my desktop. Once that's finished, I'll go here to the add-on manager. And under this menu up at the top that looks like a gear, I'll click "Install add-on from file," and I'm going to choose the .xpi file that just downloaded to my desktop. I'll click "Install now," and you'll get a notification up at the top of the page here that says, "the add-on will be installed after you restart Thunderbird." So let's go ahead and do that.

Okay, now that the add-on has been installed, I can open this back up and now I notice that my inbox is starting to fill up as well as the information from the rest of the account. Now it's time to take care of that mbox file that we downloaded. So I'm going to right-click on the local folders and choose the import/export option, and then underneath that I'm going to choose "Import mbox file." We'll click on that, and I get several options here. I'm going to choose the second one, which is to import one or more mbox files with the sub-directory. I'll click "OK." And here in my mail folder, I'm going to choose the mbox file that we had downloaded earlier. Click to open that up. And now you'll notice down here in my local folders there is a folder with that mbox label, and here are all the emails that I had exported. We hope this has been helpful for you, and if you have any additional questions, please don't hesitate to contact us at support@spanning.com. Thanks very much for watching.