Lyrics In Discription

Yeah! Yeah! And no one like me. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
Congratulations, we made it, welcome to tha crusader,
it's been a long time commin' yo!
But I'm here now, so whatchu wanna do,
how many dudes you really know, can flow, like this,
like this, like this, lets do it...

[Chorus]
Uh, how many dudes you know roll like this,
how many dudes you know flow like this, not many, if any,
not many, if any, how many dudes you know who got the skills
to go in and roarck, a show like this, uh uh, uh uh, I don't know any body.

Check, check to tha mic check, a 1, 2 from a crew
commin' thought, are ya hyped yet, nowa days
every body wanna talk, like they got something on scribe,
ya ain't got nothing but a moment alive, you can't front,
when ya feellin' tha vibe, you know scribe is takin' you high
(high), love it with the double bass, vibrate, shook tha place,
in ya vertebrate, yo hit a man, move like a RS, Subaru,
with a crew, come a equipped, like a body kit, lyrically
I burn quick, so one foot is in tha style, thought his tongue
like a steel fish, this kid named X, from Vic, wanna get,
with scribe, in live, like a 0-5, I got vibe, like a beehive,
and when the mother from the squid of a pimp,
of tha sea side, and get yo on the way that we ride,
round town in tha down low, never know, what the flow,
bro, chop chop, cant stop hip hop, cause it don't stop
hmm check it out!!!!! (Yes) check it out (No) check it out...
(What) check it out... (Like me)

[Chorus 2x]

Somthin' for tha ride on cruse control, when tha bass vibrates,
shook tha hives like a earthquake, thought this is not good
for yah, you made a great mistake, your eyes stop and
bomp be gone, sick of this, flick the switch, nitrous,
kick wanna trip this is some new shit, real deal, like Cody field,
you know telling if you rock like mike or just might...
Roarck! Like doubie drop, doubie drop tight, t-club get it on,
represent all night, take flight, like Nike kicks with tricks
and make quick, when the bra'd pit and don't sit just get on
down and profound with sound that we found with the
underground, don't sit just get on down and profound
with the sound we found with the underground...

[Chorus 2x]

Next time you come on down to North Canterbury,
it's all good, it's all good when come down to my hood
and come to South Canterbury, it's all good uh uh,
it's all good when you come down to my hood and come
to East Canterbury, it's all good yeah, it's all good
when you come down to my hood and go to West Canterbury,
it's all good yeah, it's all good up in my neck of da woodsahh...