http://www.frankletaacura.com/
If you are looking for real value on a great used car, Frank Leta Acura invites you to come in and test drive this 2008 Acura TL, stock# U872. We are conveniently located near Saint Louis, MO and known for our great selection, reliability and quality. Come take a look at this 2008 Acura TL today.

Frank Leta Acura
11777 Tesson Ferry Rd
Saint Louis MO, 63128
314-849-4444

Proudly serving the St Louis area since 1986.

Sales hours:
Monday
Wednesday
Friday - 9:00am to 9:00pm 

Tuesday
Thursday
Saturday - 9:00am to 6:00pm

http://www.frankletaacura.com

There is a &quot;T&quot; and two &quot;Ls&quot; in excellent and excellence abounds in this well kept Certified Pre-Owned TL. Nobody puts together performance, technology, reliability and luxury all in one package the way Acura does and this beautiful TL is a perfect example. You will get a premium surround sound audio system with XM tuner, DVD audio 6-disc changer, BlueTooth phone technology, moon roof, heated leather seats, state-of-the-art safety and handling that rivals cars twice the price. The &quot;T&quot; in Acura TL must stand for &quot;take me home with you&quot;. That is what this nice, clean sport sedan will be saying to you after a test drive. The &quot;L&quot; in TL must stand for &quot;Lovin' it&quot;. That is what you will be saying for years to come after you drive home in your new TL. This fine vehicle qualifies for the Acura Certified Pre-owned program. We have added Acura custom all-season floor mats plus a convenient cargo tray. It has been through a rigorous 150-point comprehensive mechanical and appearance inspection. All of these items must qualify or be subject to reconditioning to adhere to the spirit of a like-new pre-owned vehicle. Emergency roadside assistance, trip-interruption benefits, rental-vehicle reimbursement benefits and concierge service are supplied as part of the Certification program. 12-months/12,000-mile warranty is added to any remaining new vehicle warranties plus up to 7-years/100,000-miles warranty coverage on the power-train is provided. This warranty is honored at any Acura dealership throughout the USA. Power Door Locks, Emergency Trunk Release, Integrated Turn Signal