This video is no longer unlisted because it wasn't getting much popularity on just Twitter and Tumblr, so... here it is!

Okay I know I said no more non-animations on this channel but my side channel has only 4 subscribers so
Here it is!! The casting call for Object Apartments! Object Apartments is an object show of my own creation that I will be doing most of the work on (writing, storyboarding, animation, etc). However, I do need all the help I can get! If you think you can help with anything other than voice acting, just ask me!

Get your auditions in to me via Youtube, Vocaroo, or whatever else you think might work!
You can audition for any character you want as long as you think your voice fits the description I gave!

---

Example Lines

FANG
"Um… h-hi everyone! My name is Fang, and I’m, uh… a game show host?"
"Oh, hi, uh... Bubblegum, right? Looks like you're a team leader!"
CHARCOAL
"Don’t worry, I’ll help you. You can do anything with me around."
"The suite belongs to the winner. NO ONE stays in it until the show ends."
BASKET
"Fruit by the frick?"
"Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?"
BUBBLEGUM
"Yesss! Like a boss!"
"Why do you have such a bad cough, anyways?"
COFFIN
"Hey, what time of day do dragons hate the most?"
"We thought you were DEAD!"
ERLENMEYER FLASK
"That’s not how an alliance works…"
"Uh... nothing much. What's this about a gang?"
FIRE ALARM
"Alright, gang, we should split up and look for clues."
"You need help putting together a party, I can help! I can help with ANYTHING you need!"
GEARY
"If we’re the contestants, who’s the host? Is it you?"
"Wait- oh no. After I ran off like that, I can't go back and ask for help!"
HAIRBALL
"Hey guys! Man, it took me forever to walk here! What are you all do-"
KEY
"Uh- nothing! Scrolly’s, um... taking out the trash right now? She's busy!"
"Ugh, that guy… they’re so annoying! Party this, party that…"
PAPER PLATE
"Wait, how does that work?"
"I’m not sure, I’ve never met one."
PERFUME
"Wanna join my gang- er, alliance?"
"Shut it, Flask! I’m the boss, I make the rules!"
PUTTY
"What? If you can't tell, I’m kind of busy here."
"Wait, did you say bombs!? But we just fixed the Apartments! Are you gonna mess them up AGAIN?"
RICE CANDY
"Is EVERYTHING a joke to you, Coffin? FOUR copies. And this was my OLDEST copy of their SECOND-best album."
"Aw... it's too small to reach through... I guess we just have to give up."
SCROLLY
"Hat...? Oh! There you are, Basket!"
"Uh, Streamer, we should really get moving..."
SHELL
"Huh? What? Oh, yeah, sure. Whatever."
"Huh? Oh, uh, yeah. Saving it for someone."
STREAMER
"My... my... my CONFETTI ARRIVED!"
"Did you just say 'winner'? Are we gonna get to play a GAME!?"
SUBMARINE
"Hi there! Uh, have you seen Scrolly around here?"
"What if the bomb goes off while we're right next to it?"

Audio: 1bitheart OST - Takamiya's Theme