Mating is a natural daily occurrence among orangutans, but get between the dominant male and his object of desire and you can have some pretty tense moments on your hands... 

This is what Caroline and I found out on a recent trip to see Orangutans at a place called Camp Leaky deep in the jungles of Borneo. 

We were following our guide when a deep howl came from the jungle. It was Tom, the dominant male of the area. 

All the guides went into high alert and a group of tourists gathered to see this giant. 

But as it turned out, Tom's long call was announcement that he was in the mood for some booty.... and we were on the path he wanted to use to go see his favorite gal... 

Orangutans are much stronger than humans and can rip us apart in seconds...  thats why everyone made sure to stay way out of Toms way... 

Tom eventually found the lady he was looking for. Being the wild man that he is, he just yanked her out of a tree and didn't bother with any foreplay... 

Once Tom was satisfied, he left his lover wondering when he would come back... 

Orangutans are said to one of most intelligent primates in the world, but they're also an endangered species... So here is the question of the day... 

What is most responsible for the decking numbers of Orangutans in the wild... 

1. Poaching

2. Habitat Destruction 

3. The Illegal Pet Trade... 

Leave you answers in the comment section below... 

ABOUT ORANGUTANS 

The orangutans are the two exclusively Asian species of extant great apes. Native to Indonesia and Malaysia, orangutans are currently found in only the rainforests of Borneo and Sumatra. Classified in the genus Pongo, orangutans were considered to be one species. However, since 1996, they have been divided into two species: the Bornean orangutan (P. pygmaeus) and the Sumatran orangutan (P. abelii). In addition, the Bornean species is divided into three subspecies. The orangutans are also the only surviving species of the subfamily Ponginae, which also included several other species, such as Gigantopithecus, the largest known primate. Both species had their genomes sequenced and they appear to have diverged around 400,000 years ago. Orangutans diverged from the rest of the great apes 15.7 to 19.3 million years ago (mya).

Orangutans are the most arboreal of the great apes and spend most of their time in trees. Their hair is typically reddish-brown, instead of the brown or black hair typical of chimpanzees and gorillas. Males and females differ in size and appearance. Dominant adult males have distinctive cheek pads and produce long calls that attract females and intimidate rivals. Younger males do not have these characteristics and resemble adult females. Orangutans are the most solitary of the great apes, with social bonds occurring primarily between mothers and their dependent offspring, who stay together for the first two years. Fruit is the most important component of an orangutan's diet; however, the apes will also eat vegetation, bark, honey, insects and even bird eggs. They can live over 30 years in both the wild and captivity.

If you want to find out more about these amazing creatures, stop Orangutan Dot Org 
or RedApes Dot Org.

For collaborations and business inquiries, please contact via Channel Pages: http://ChannelPages.com/billschannel