The first financial hazard is death, many times, premature death.  Most of us have some degree of fear of dying too soon, though some of us also fear living too long. The “living too long” concept is not usually a concern when you’re very young, because most young people have an innate sense of immortality – that they will live forever; however, those of us with families to care for – people who depend on us financially – do worry about making sure they can continue to live in the manner they’ve become accustomed to.  We want to make sure that our death doesn’t become a financial burden to them.  We know that it’s already going to add a tremendous amount of emotional stress to our loved ones that they’re going to have to address, particularly if our passing is sooner than they ever imagined. 

Next is sickness, and I’m not referring to the average, run-of-the-mill occasional illnesses – colds, the flu, or perhaps an injury trying to compete in a sport you should have given up years ago!  No, I’m speaking about a major illness, one that knocks you out of the game for an extended period or even permanently.
 During our working years, we take care of most of our medical needs through group insurance or individual major medical plans, disability income insurance, and critical illness riders.  But what about the unexpected cost of health care that is not covered in retirement by your Medicare or Medicare Supplement policy?  What about home health care or nursing home care needs due to a chronic illness?  These are a few of the “hazards” that you can avoid with products that I refer to as “double- or triple-duty dollars.”  
Here’s a startling fact: It’s estimated that people in retirement will spend about a quarter of a million dollars on health care costs.  Now that’s definitely a hazard! 

Financial emergencies is another area of concern for all of us. These are the things that seem to pop up out of nowhere. Maybe it’s a need for a new furnace, a new roof, a new car, or perhaps a casualty loss not covered by your auto insurance policy.  Do you have access to enough liquid funds to handle such emergencies?  Think about it for a moment.  
Have you investigated the cost of replacing a furnace recently?  It’s not what it was ten or twenty years ago, I guarantee you.  It’s usually several thousands of dollars more.

Retirement Income and Maintenance Planning, combined, are two sides of a hazard most folks don’t think about on a daily basis, but they are important.  Though most people understand the need for Retirement Planning, Retirement Maintenance is also very important.  The reason?  Some retirement plans don’t always work out as initially prepared.  Sometimes, for example, inflation gets in the way or expenses just increase. That is why it’s important to review your retirement income plan on an annual basis with your Safe Money professional.  It just makes sense, doesn’t it?  We have our heating and cooling systems maintained every year; we do oil changes in our car and have our tires rotated on a regular basis.  You should give retirement income planning the same kind of attention.   
Furthermore, you should assess your risk tolerance on a regular basis.  Most people feel that the exposure to risk should be reduced as they age and their income begins to decrease.  If you don’t assess your risk tolerance regularly, how will you know?  You can lower your risk of loss to your retirement nest egg even when world events cause havoc in the financial markets. 

Finally, Taxation and Wealth Transfer complete our short list of Five Financial Hazards.  Simply stated, “It’s not just what you receive on a gross basis (before taxes) but what you get to keep after our “Uncle” takes a piece.  As you probably know, you can implement retirement income plans that allow you to legally avoid some state and federal taxes.  Again, your Safe Money Agent, sometimes working with your accountant, will provide you with lots of information from which you may devise an excellent plan.  

We must also take a look at our wealth transfer goals and plans. Many people are fortunate enough to have a financial legacy that they wish to pass down to their children, grandchildren, charities, or other institutions. Though not everyone is passing down millions, their legacy is still very important, nonetheless.  Do you have your wealth transfer funds in the best and most tax-advantaged vehicles?  Or, have you created a tax time bomb for your recipients?  It is awful when, following the loss of a loved one, his or her heirs learn that they now have to pay an inordinate amount of taxes on their inheritance.  However, you have many effective alternatives to explore, legal ways to reduce or eliminate these taxes.