I NEED YOUR HELP! - Please Support Us & Get Bonus Content http://www.Patreon.com/EliteNWOAgenda

SUBSCRIBE to ELITE NWO AGENDA for Latest Updates - http://www.youtube.com/user/elitenwoagenda?sub_confirmation=1

SEPTEMBER 23 CLIMATE CHAOS - French Foreign Minister Says We Have 500 Days to Avoid Climate Chaos

The world has “500 days to avoid climate chaos,” French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said alongside Secretary of State John Kerry at the State Department on Tuesday.

“We have 500 days to avoid climate chaos,” Fabius said. “And I know that President Obama and John Kerry himself are committed on this subject and I’m sure that with them, with a lot of other friends, we shall be able to reach success in this very important matter.” In the video above she mentions that her informant tells her that the comet is 2.5 miles wide and is giving off sound/singing. Comet 67P is 2.5 miles wide and is giving off sound. Does that comet sound familiar? It is the comet that Rosetta’s lander Philae touched down on the surface of on 11/12/14. Is this the comet that she is referring to? climate change "climate change" "global warming" earth global france u.s. usa america "united states" speech movie 2015 2016 leader leadership warning prepare survival trends trending work elite bunker underground tunnel "emergency supplies" food water "clean water" truth agenda news media entertainment prediction economy collapse space comet trailer "movie trailer" millionaire group relationship work "stock market" energy power people "clean energy" future "elite nwo agenda" conspiracy end times end of days underground bunker elite new zealand south america alex jones infowars gerald celente apocalypse the road movie trends in the news illuminati card game montagraph prediction david icke lindsey williams blood moon cycle jsnip4 rawdogletard coast to coast am truth illuminati mtv vma symbolism marc faber jim rogers china false flag currency 

On that same day, the Pope is also set to address the annual UN General Assembly of world leaders. According to the UN website, September 25th just so happens to kick off the United Nations three-day summit for the adoption of the post-2015 development agenda, “convened as a high-level plenary meeting of the General Assembly.” The day before, he is going to address a joint meeting of Congress for the first time a Pope has ever addressed Congress. He will also be meeting with President Obama and Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. Busy Pope. Here is a video (bad music) that shows a “signaled” location from the movie Deep Impact for the comet to hit—just off the North East Coast of South America. The coordinates are 13 23 52.3/54 56 16. 4000 miles from the signaled location is the Hoover Dam. 

A 1994 TV movie called Without Warning depicts the events of a meteor that breaks in 3 pieces after the world tries to blow it up, with all 3 pieces hitting the earth, all on about the same parallel—43/44. Later it is discovered that the meteor was sent by Aliens who are following in a 4th incoming object. 

This was a TV show that presented 5 scenarios for the last day on earth. They involve the following; meteor impact, Yellowstone eruption, Pandemic, earthquakes, and CERN destroying the world. There are many 9/23 references.If they knew an East coast meteor/comet and tsunami were going to hit, would the President and Pope be in Washington, D.C. which could possibly be affected by a tsunami? Or would they just hide out underground? 

The 70th UN Assembly begins 9/15/15. The Palestinian state issue could be decided during this session.   Jade Helm is scheduled to end on 9/15/15.  Tomorrow Land is a Disney movie that is scheduled to be released on 5/22/15. The numbers 923 are shown in two trailers. The numbers on the clock are first shown as 00 00 63 09 23 13. 63 + 13 = 76; possibly indicating the Hebrew year 5776. Tomorrow World Festival   Many are saying CERN will be fully operational and will open a portal to the underworld in September 2015. CERN was scheduled to restart on 3/23/15—6 months before 9/23/15. Some are saying that CERN was responsible for the Nepal earthquake. Autumnal Equinox The Shemitah year 5775 ends on 9/13/15, which is also the start of the year 5776, which is a year of Jubilee. It is the 70th Jubilee since Israel entered the Holy Land, and 40 Jubilees since the ascension of Jesus to heaven.