How to avoid Layers?

1. First let us understand why do we want to avoid layers that are involved in our employment?
2. How do you know there are layers?
3. What are the main problems with layers?
4. How to identify whether it is a layer or direct primary vendor?


1. We want to avoid layers because of many factors and one primary reason is they make profit on our pay.
2. Candidate -Employer -Primary Vendor- Client. When we see any additional company added in-between our employer and primary vendor is called layer. 
3. Our billing is run through them. They take the margin for being as a connecting or referring bridge between employer and primary vendor and if they vanish, all our pay will also vanish.
4. How we identify They are Directly working with the client as Primary Vendor to Client or not is a big question to many consultants during their job search. First thing we need to understand is majority of the PV companies are American companies. There are few Indian based companies too as Primary Vendors. Just by looking at the website we can differ if it is PV or Sub-Vendor. If they are PV, they know the client name whom they are serving, most of the subvendors Layers don't know the client name. The Layer company doesn't submit your resume directly to client but they submit to Primary Vendor. So, when you can you yourself or your employer can reach the Primary Vendor it is advised to eliminate layers to get assured pay and better pay.

Worst experiences 
SYSMIND- FAKE company arranged interview TCS, no proof that guy is from TCS bluffed the client is GE at CT.  Meanwhile looted all documents from me. 
Susan Thomas  Triune Infomatics Inc
Sara K  Vice President Sales  Triune Infomatics Inc
Swati  cadatasoft.com
Told lie selected for Geico MD, sent emails for joining date but client did not even conducted F2F. 
Hello Susan,
They are looking for Mango DB and Java expert. In spite of it, submitting resume, asking me joining date is very bad. He told clearly they didn't select anyone yet, doing In person rounds for candidates. 
Kindly don't force consultants for this kind of situation where no project but asking Date to join.
 

It is not that I am upset because this position did not work out but I have been very upset for companies like yours and CA Data SOFT LLC. I was never informed like you assumed about client making an offer. I was told that interview was cleared and client requesting for start date. Later you told me about meeting client in-person, even the in-person meeting was not directly told to me as a Face to Face interview. It is being understood that you or your supplier company vaguely tried to make me an offer with your beeline misconception. 

Thanks for updating me now clearly. It will be appreciable if you and your supplier companies will confirm to consultants only after receiving solid confirmation from the client.

Regards,
Kumar

https://www.facebook.com/H1BIIBCB