Don't hesitate to comment below if you have any questions or additional phrases 
Sensitive Messages Includes material from Guffey text Ch 11 
,Communication Matters: Discussion A Sorry Strategy Share a time you received bad news 
did the sender use any of the techniques discussed in the article?  
Was the approach effective?  ,Goals in CommunicatingBad News To make the reader understand and accept the bad news 
To promote and maintain a good image of the writer and the writer’s organization To make the message so clear that additional correspondence is unnecessary To avoid legal liability ,Buffer Reasons Bad News Close The Indirect Pattern 
,The Indirect Pattern BUFFER – a neutral or positive opening that does not reveal the bad news 
REASONS – an explanation of the causes for the bad news BAD NEWS – a clear but understated announcement of the bad news that may include an alternative or compromise CLOSE – a personalizing, forward-looking, pleasant statement ,Buffering the Opening Good news 
Agreement/Understanding Apology (customers only) Compliment Appreciation Facts ,Reasons Justify the bad news with objective reasons (without revealing bad news 
Avoid blaming the reader or hiding behind company policy  Use objective, nonjudgmental language - avoid negativity (unfortunately, impossible) Show empathy and fairness Identify reader (or other’s) benefits  Focus on maintaining the relationship avoid being blunt or insensitive 
Use resale, if appropriate ,Bad News Explain the bad news clearly, but don’t accentuate it. 
Avoid negative language. Say the bad news once and move on to a focus on the future/alternatives.  Never repeat the bad news ,Bad News Subordinating bad news in passive voice 
although our equipment can’t be loaned, we wish you well in . . . 
Implying bad news in passive voice Because our equipment is sold only through dealers, we invite you to examine it at your local Stereo City. 
,Passive-Voice Verbs Rewrite these sentences in passive voice: Because of our Web site, we are no longer offering a printed catalog. 
We are unable to grant your request for a loan. ,Subordinating Bad News Subordinating formula: While/Although (bad news in passive voice), (alternative in active voice) Rewrite subordinating the bad news: It is impossible for us to ship your complete order at this time.  However, we are able to send the four oak desks now; you will receive them within five days. 
,Implying Bad News Implying formula: Because/Since (reason in passive voice), (alternative in active voice). Rewrite implying the bad news: I already have a prior engagement in my appointment calendar for March 31st.  Therefore, I am unable to speak to your group.  However, I would like to recommend another speaker. 
,Implying Bad News Rewrite implying the bad news: Because of the holiday period, all our billboard space was used this month.  Therefore, we are sorry to say that we could not give your group display space.  However, next month we hope to display your message. 
,Close Supply more information about an alternative, if one is offered. 
Look forward to future business. Offer good wishes and compliments. Avoid referring to the refusal/bad news. End on a positive, friendly note. ,When organization policy/culture suggests directness When the receiver prefers directness When firmness is necessary.  Employee disciplinary actions. When the bad news is insignificant  Use the Direct Pattern 
,The End