http://tomasmichaud.com/best-beginner-guitar-mistake-1 | Check out this link to get the full lesson.
- - - -

What’s The Best Guitar For Beginners? Avoid Deadly Mistake #1

In this lesson, I’m gonna cover how to choose a good beginning guitar. What actually makes a guitar student worthy and finally if you already have a guitar, how to make it easier to play and some minor fixes, so to start off let’s take a little trip over to my Music Store Starland Music Center in Alameda, California.

Hi, I’m Tomas Michaud and I’m here at Starland Music Center in Alameda. Today in this video, I’m gonna show you some of the different guitars we used for students starting out. 

The first guitar I wanna show you is a Student Nylon String Guitar. This guitar we called a three chord size guitar. It is smaller than the regular full size guitar. It has nylon strings, a fairly thin neck and a small body makes it easy to hold for children. This is one of the most recommended guitars for children that we used. It comes in a half size version to slightly smaller though it is usually the three quarter size is the right size for most students.

Next, I have the full size classical guitar. The full size classical guitar sounds better than the smaller body guitar because of the big body. It is a must for playing and learning classical music and it is a good guitar for some pop and folk styles of music. It has a nylon strings which are easy on the finger. One disadvantage it does have a wide neck, a little difficult to get your fingers across the neck especially if you have small fingers. 

For that reason, we do carry another guitar similar with a thinner neck. This guitar is a full size classical guitar but has  a thin neck kinda like the student guitar. It is easier to play but sounds better because of the full size. Our many guitars are like this especially made for students.

Now let me show you the dreadnaught guitar. This is a full size acoustic guitar otherwise known as the dreadnaught. Dreadnaught is referring to the shape of the body. This is the most popular guitar used in pop, folk, singer, song writing music and country music. It is a little difficult to learn on because of the metal strings. When you pressed on the metal strings, they cut in to your fingers and within a day or two of practicing, your fingers will be pretty sore.  I recommend if that’s a problem that will keep you from practicing, use the nylon string guitar however if you’re willing to do with the pain in 3 or 4 weeks until your fingers get tough, it’s a good choice and it does sound good a little louder than the nylon string guitar.

Here’s a full size ELECTRIC GUITAR, not a bad choice for students particularly if you like rock music or you want to play with other people. It has a thin neck and fairly light string which makes it easier to press down. You do need to have an amplifier when you use this guitar not just to make it louder because when you play without the amplifier you won’t hear the sound well enough to know if you’re putting your finger in just the right place and when you play to the amplifier you’ll hear if you’re making some mistakes and correct them. This is a good guitar for many students however if it’s for a child, I recommend the three quarter size electric guitar.

This electric guitar, we called a three quarter size is just slightly smaller. It’s hard to tell on the video but it really is just short enough to be easier to play for 9 or 10 year-old students. It still need an amplifier so in summary, we have the full size acoustic guitar which is a very popular guitar but difficult to learn on. We have the three quarter size nylon string guitar which is the most common what we used for children when we were starting out and then there’s the electric guitar for students that wants to play rock music or would be inspired by using the electric guitar. A lot of times with the young students if they want to play rock music – we started at the three quarter size nylon and then let them work to get the electric guitar, it gives them something to look forward to, that’s it for today thanks for listening.







- - - -
Go to my blog to get this and many more free guitar lessons: http://tomasmichaud.com/best-beginner-guitar-mistake-1

Join me on Facebook at: http://www.facebook.com/realguitarschool for exclusive lessons.
