As Joe Anderson puts it, “We’ve got good news, bad news. Good news is we’re living a lot longer, and bad news is we’re living a lot longer.” Longer life expectancy can be a financial risk to even the best savers. People are referring to this risk as longevity risk. It’s the possibility of completely depleting your retirement savings before you die. 

You never know how long your retirement will last, but if you’re healthy and have good income, you’ll need to buckle up for a long ride. In this episode, Joe and Al share planning tips to help you avoid outliving your money in retirement.

Important Points:

0:59 “Al and I are going to get into strategies to make sure your money lasts as long as you do – that’s the financial focus today.”

2:26 “It doesn’t really matter how much you have saved; it’s how much you are pulling out of your portfolio relative to what’s in there.”

4:11 “When you wait until age 70, you end up with a lot more benefits, in fact I don’t think a lot of folks like that. Age 62 is the first year that you can accept the benefits, but each year that you wait thereafter, your monthly benefit is higher.”

8:12 “Anyone who has a retirement account can do a [Roth IRA] conversion.”

11:28 “AARP estimates that you’re going to be spending at least $3,000 a year per person on medical expenses.”

15:24 “What percentage of Americans has a personal pension or retirement savings account?”

18:11 “Upon your passing, what’s the tax rate assessed to your estate on assets over $5.4 million?”

21:50 “Depending on when you retire and how much money you have is going to determine what kind of spending rate you should have on your portfolio.”

If you would like to schedule a free assessment with one of our CFP® professionals, click here: https://purefinancial.com/lp/free-assessment/

Make sure to subscribe to our channel for more helpful tips and stay tuned for the next episode of “Your Money, Your Wealth.” 

Channels & show times: yourmoneyyourwealth.com
https://purefinancial.com

IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES:
• Investment Advisory and Financial Planning Services are offered through Pure Financial Advisors, Inc. A Registered Investment Advisor.
• Pure Financial Advisors Inc. does not offer tax or legal advice. Consult with their tax advisor or attorney regarding specific situations.
• Opinions expressed are subject to change without notice and are not intended as investment advice or to predict future performance.
• Investing involves risk including the potential loss of principal. No investment strategy can guarantee a profit or protect against loss in periods of declining values.
• All information is believed to be from reliable sources; however, we make no representation as to its completeness or accuracy.
• Intended for educational purposes only and are not intended as individualized advice or a guarantee that you will achieve a desired result. Before implementing any strategies discussed you should consult your tax and financial advisors.