Model YX-125 ultrasound sealing machine semi automatic tube sealer equipment semi máquina automática de sellado tubo designed and manufactured by our engineer team in cosmetic&food&pharma making and packaging machinery is widely used in the daily chemical industry like sealing machinery and such like.We as a famous manufacturer moreover can design and produce the packaging machine according to the special requirements from customers.
In the early time of the machine developing, the people using the solvents and heat sealing for the tube connection sealing, this kind of the technology is inefficiency, it made the tube sealing ugly, and the sealing on the tube is very easy getting aging, the products reject ratio is high, and this way for the tube sealing is bad for the human health, so it comes the tech of the ultrasonic sealing, it solve all the troubles above.
How the ultrasonic tube sealing machine working?
The machine transformed from the high frequency electric energy to the mechanical energy by a transducer, then the mechanical energy conduct to the sealing tube, the frequency and the vibration of the ultrasonic at least 20000T/Second, when it sealing to the tube, it getting fusing and sealing, so it called ultrasonic tube connection sealing.      
The machine using the protective circuits electronic control system, automatic and easy to operate.
Basic parameter of Model YX-125 ultrasound sealing machine semi automatic tube sealer equipment semi máquina automática de sellado tubo:
Model YX-125
voltage: 220-240V 50/60 Hz 
Power 1250W Frequency 20KHz
Seal tube dia 5-80mm(can customed)
Tube height 0-300mm(can be customed)
Machine size 1100*470*550mm
Weight 75kg
Determination of pressure, delay time and welding time
The pressure is generally related to factors such as an area of a welded piece, a material and a distance between a fusion surface and the tool head and affects the transient output power of the machine. Therefore, the pressure shall be adjusted according to a specific situation. 0.2MPA gas pressure can be used for over-adjustment when a small-size or high-hardness material is welded; for those welded pieces with high requirements on materials or sealing properties, the pressure can be adjusted from 0.4MPA.
The pressure can be also observed from the current meter; if the pressure is high, an indicating value is large, so that the indicating value can be generally ranged from 1A to 4A. When the pressure is overhigh, the indicating value is 5A or even larger; meanwhile, an overload lamp is lightened to indicate that the protection circuit is overridden, thus the pressure can be properly reduced. Attentions: the actual pressure of the tool head on the workpiece is related to and in inverse proportion to the sum of the delay time and the welding time. According to the figure II, the welding time can be selected through an experiment.
The welding time is in inverse proportion to the pressure; the pressure is high, and the welding time is short; the pressure is low, and the welding time can be properly prolonged.
These factors directly affect the appearance of the welded piece. If the pressure may easily damage some welded pieces with high requirements on the appearances and form indentations, the pressure shall be reduced, and the welding time shall be prolonged; however, if the pressure is too low, and the welding time is too long, the surfaces of the welded pieces are slightly melted and rotted, and the appearances are affected, thus the pressure shall be properly increased, and the welding time shall be shortened. 
After welding is finished, pressure maintaining is executed; the pressure of the welding head on the welded piece is retained to a certain extent (attention to adjustment of operation on a cylinder), so that plastic can be molded. The welding surface of a small-size welded piece can be cooled within short time, so that the pneumatic delay can be short; however, the pneumatic delay time of a large-size welded piece or a welded piece with a higher requirement on the sealing property shall be longer.

Our Factory since 1992 has been manufacturing the cosmetic&food making and packaging machinery.In these field we have the experience rich enough to solve the questions encountered by our customers from both home and abroad.For more information about various high quality machinery like Model YX-125 ultrasound sealing machine semi automatic tube sealer equipment semi máquina automática de sellado tubo,please email via jackdu999@yahoo.com or browse our website http://penglaichina.com.
Follow us on twitter:http://www.twitter.com/jackdu007
Like us on facebook:http://www.facebook.com/jackdu999
Skype us by :turnanewleaf
Call us via:0086-15811882441
Whatsapp:0086-15811882441