Artist Summary


Genres: R&B/Soul / Pop / Blues

Label: unsigned

Management: Jina Holloway - Royal Treatment Ent, Jina Holloway
For bookings Blackout Entertainment Group (Mesg 209) 487-1260  Cell (209) 430-7814


Artist Bio

WHO IS SIRRON?

Sirron D'triech Shavens, a.k.a. Sirron, is a new artist looking to become THE most sought after R&B/Soul vocalist/producer/songwriter in the industry at the age of 22. Sirron was born in Sacramento, CA and relocated to Landover, MD due to his mother's career in the United States Air Force when he was 10 years old. At the age of 16 the Air Force relocated the family once again back to Sacramento, CA where he currently resides. Sirron was raised in a single-parent household by his mother who inspired his love for music by introducing Sirron to the greats, Luther Vandross, Etta James, Frankie Beverley & Maze, Earth, Wind & Fire, and more. With an absent Father it was up to Sirron's mother, Kimmie J, to show him how to be a man that is able to reach his goals relying on his natural talent and unwavering faith "my mother always taught me the importance of prayer and hard work. She would always tell me that as long as I put God first and worked hard there was nothing I wouldn't be able to achieve". At the age of 8, Sirron and his mother joined Antioch Progressive Baptist Church in Sacramento, CA and without hesitation Sirron agreed to join the youth choir. Singing in church at such an early age gave Sirron the soul and passion in his voice that we see in his music today. 


WHEN DID IT ALL START? 
At the age of 5, Sirron started performing on stage with his aunt the prominent Sacramento area Jazz/Blues singer Lena Mosley and the Badd Blues Band. Performing with his toy guitar and microphone, Sirron captivated crowds by knowing all of the words to well-known Blues & R&B hits such as, "I'll Take You There", "The Blues Is Alright" and "Mr. Big Stuff" at such an early age. He charmed the crowd with his dance moves until he was 9 years old, landing him three front page reviews in the local newspaper The Sacramento Bee. At the age of 15, he began taking piano classes for a year until he had to relocate to Sacramento. Learning to play the piano inspired Sirron to begin writing & composing his own songs. After he enrolled At Florin High at age 16, Sirron met up and coming producer Dana "M.C." McClain and began to write & record his own original material for the first time. His first song, "Bad Girl", featuring local Sacramento rap artist Polo, became a hit at Florin High School, winning Polo and Sirron first place at the schools talent show. When his classmates questioned Sirron about what he wanted to do after graduation his answer was simple "I will be an entertainer". And since graduation day Sirron has been working non-stop to make his fantasy a reality. His promo album, "Twisted Fantasy" shows just how much Sirron has learned about himself as an artist, songwriter, and producer over the years. "Twisted Fantasy" takes music to a place most artists won't dare to go but Sirron's suave melodies over expressive tracks make the journey well worth it.

Hurt No More 
Sirron's debut album "Hurt No More" is slated for release early 2012. When asked to describe his intentions with "Hurt No More" Sirron expresses a desire to "bring real music back to the radio." His provocative first single, "Private Lover" has fans talking due to a certain lyric in the song.
 "I am a true believer that art should be a mirror of the world we live in. I hear all these love songs on the radio talking about the same kind of love, girl meets boy or boy meets girl. But not everyone loves that way and my music reflects that. People ask me, "You're not afraid to talk about your private lover being a man?" I laugh and tell them "I write about life. Not just mine but yours too."
 His second single, "Hurt No More", to be released mid December, focuses on real love something Sirron feels is missing in R&B music today.
 "Hurt No More" is the kind of love song that we don't hear anymore. I hear artist after artist coming out with songs telling us how good they put it down in the bedroom, but there is more to a relationship than sex. "Hurt No More" gives listeners that emotional connection they have been missing all these years & I'm happy to give them that feeling again."

Sirron currently performs at various venues in the Sacramento area. He has most recently appeared at Faces night club in downtown Sacramento, Po'Boys in Folsom, CA with Jazz & blues great Lena Mosley, and Coach's Bar & Grill in Elk Grove, CA.