To get into shape for his new role in Southpaw, Jake Gyllenhaal underwent a grueling training routine, working out six hours a day, while completing 1,000 sit-ups in the morning, and 1,000 sit-ups before bed.For those curious to see what hours of boxing, strength training, conditioning and cardio looks like, the 34-year-old actor's workouts have been released in a new video.

'I knew nothing about boxing when I started really,' Gyllenhaal tells Entertainment Tonight in the clip.  'I knew that in order for me to pull it off in any way, I was just going to have to learn how to do it. 

'When I set my mind to something I just won't stop until I do it. It's something I pride myself on. It's something I hate about myself. By the end I felt like I could do it.' Until now, the actor has carved a successful career out of more thoughtful roles; Donnie Darko and Brokeback Mountain in his early career and most recently in Nightcrawler, where he shed 30lbs in weight to play a nocturnal LA TV cameraman.

The Nightcrawler weight-loss may have taken his medium-sized frame to near skeletal proportions but new boxing film Southpaw, released at the end of this month, signals the star's most dramatic body transformation yet. To play fictional New York boxing bruiser Billy Hope, Gyllenhaal gained 15lbs of sheer muscle. 

And when the cameras rolled, the action was often as brutal in reality as it looks on screen; with the fight scenes relying on heavily improvised fighting.
The LA-born actor revealed to the Guardian that much of the action, which portrays Hope's final, dramatic affair with the boxing ring after the death of his wife (played by Rachel McAdams), needed real punches to create authenticity.

Of filming the fired-up scenes, he said: 'The thing was, whenever I took a real hit, my first thought was, "someone better have got a good f****** angle on that."' Gyllenhaal told BBC Radio 2's breakfast show on Friday that he had been nervous about making a boxing movie because of the 'cliches'. 

'There's so many cliches. There are only two choices with a boxing movie, either winning or losing. The journey there is all about human behaviour...the behaviour had to feel real.' Also starring in the film are Forest Whitaker, rapper 50 Cent, Naomie Harris and Rita Ora. 

Getting the right physique for the role required nearly six months in the gym for Gyllenhaal.After filming he said: 'I just trained like a boxer. As you learn the skills, that stuff just happens in your mind and in your body.'