Oracle Database11g tutorials 14 
How to Create table using command prompt and Create table using sql developer

Blog Link http://bit.ly/1TkY4Oe

Time Line
0:25 Introduction of Tables in Database
1:03 What is Create Table (Introduction of create table)
1:30 Syntax of Create Table
2:08 How to create table using Command Prompt
4:55 How to create table using SQL Developer 

Links for
Oracle Database tutorials 4:  database connectivity using SQL developer and command prompt

http://youtu.be/wSqoXRlXDUU

You can have indepth knowledge about SQL create table here
http://www.rebellionrider.com/sql-create-table.html
Tool used in this tutorial is command prompt. 
This tutorial series is part of SQL expert exam certification training. if you are preparing for SQL certification you can use my tutorials. This SQL Tutorial is a part of free training.

Copy Cloud referral link || Use this link to join copy cloud and get 20GB of free storage
https://copy.com?r=j7eYO7


Contacts 
E-Mail
RebellionRiderYT@gmail.com
Twitter
https://twitter.com/rebellionrider
Instagram
http://instagram.com/rebellionrider
Facebook.
https://www.facebook.com/imthebhardwaj
Linkedin.
http://in.linkedin.com/in/mannbhardwaj/

Thanks for linking, commenting, sharing and watching more of our videos

This is Manish from RebellionRider.com

Today in this oracle database tutorial we will see How to CREATE A TABLE.
if we have to define a table in layman language then we can say that Tables are just a collection of Rows and Columns but
In RDBMS tables are database objects which help in organizing data into ROWS and COLUMNS. 
We can also say that
SQL tables are kind of data structure which are used by database for efficient storage of data.

To create a table in our database we use SQL CREATE TABLE command.

SQL CREATE TABLE is a type of DATA DEFINITION LANGUAGE also known as DDL.

To Create a table in your schema you will require CREATE TABLE system privilege.  
In our future videos we will see what are system and object privileges and how to grant them to a user.
Today for this video we will be using Sample schema HR which already has all the necessary privileges.

Ohk Let's see the syntax.
CREATE TABLE  table name 
 (
  column name1  Data-Type(size),
  column name2  Data-Type(size),
  .....
);
CREATE TABLE is an oracle reserved word or say an Oracle key word whereas 


There are 3 different ways of creating a table in Oracle database.


Creating a table using Command Line Interface (CLI) in Oracle database 
For demonstrating how to create table in oracle database using CLI, I'll be using Command prompt.


Thats how we create table using command prompt.
you can check your table structure by DESCRIBE command
for that just write
DESC and your table name.
Like this

Another way of creating a table is by using Graphic user interface (GUI) in Oracle database

To demonstrate how to create table using GUI we will use SQL developer.

Lets open our SQL developer
I am connected to HR schema 
if you do not know how to create a connection to database using SQL developer please watch my oracle database tutorial 4 that explains database connectivity using SQL developer and command prompt. Link for this video is in the description below.

So lets create a table.
Creating a table using SQL developer is very easy we do not have to fire any query here.

Let's start
First of all right click on your connection in which you want to create a table and choose schema browser. 
This will open a separate schema browser pane 

or you can expend your connection by clicking this + sign and then right click on table and choose New Table.

However I prefer working with schema browser so let's skip to schema browser pane 
here from the first drop-down list you can choose connection name
and in the second drop down list you can choose what database objects you want to work with 
we want to create a table thus I'll choose table and then click this arrow here and choose option for new table
Ok we have created a table wizard
first of all give a unique name to your table
and add some column as well. For this, click the green plus button. Now we already have a column so give it some name.
Also choose a datatype from the list and specify any size 
you can check this not null column if in case you want to make this a mandatory column 
you can also specify default value and constraint
If you want to make this column a primary key you can click here 
In my future video i'll show you what are these constraints and different ways of applying them on a column in a table.

for this video we will concentrate on create table only 
so when you are done with all your columns click ok 
Thats your table
You can double click on your table here and can see its structure.

Thats it