Register, Download client and play for FREE in League of Legends [LoL] - http://signup.leagueoflegends.com/?ref=52258aa5e22db725142627
PLAYLIST with ALL 1-30 Leveling Videos - http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8wZKON07iXW4P3XCJBnIEktBcl45Hftu
2 part - http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8wZKON07iXXSzfTFJPB4DYz-uQr5Ko7v

League of Legends is a multiplayer online battle arena video game developed and published by Riot Games for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X, inspired by the mod Defense of the Ancients for the video game Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne. It is a free-to-play game, supported by micro-transactions. 

It was first announced on October 7, 2008, and released on October 27, 2009. League of Legends was generally well received at release, and has grown in popularity in the years since.

Players are formed into two teams of five Champions (three on the Twisted Treeline map). As of August 22, 2013, there are 115 different Champions from which to choose. Each player begins at opposing sides of a map near a building called a Nexus. A match is won when either team's Nexus is destroyed. To destroy a Nexus, each team must work through a series of Turrets placed along a path to each base referred to as a Lane. Along the way, each player gains levels from killing the opposing team's Champions and Minions (non-player characters (NPCs) that regularly spawn and attack the other team) and defeating neutral monsters. Completing objectives rewards players with gold which is used to purchase items, making their Champion stronger.

League of Legends is a session-based game. Matchmaking creates teams with even average MMR (Matchmaking Rating) of the constituent players. MMR uses the Elo formula with proprietary adjustments.

There are five general game types: Tutorial, Custom, Co-Op vs. AI, Normal or Ranked. However, even within each type, there are many options available.

Tutorial mode is a set of two introductory games that teach the basics. It is intended to help new players learn important concepts, which might not otherwise be obvious.

Custom mode allows players to create games that players opt into rather than relying on matchmaking to create the teams. In custom matches, the teams can be uneven (for example, 3v4 or 2v5) and may include a mix of players and bots, which are computer-controlled champions.

Co-op vs. AI mode matches players against a team of bots. Similar to the Tutorial mode, it is also intended mainly as a way for inexperienced players to learn, but it also used by more experienced players as a way of experimenting with new ideas or getting an easy First Win of the Day.

Ranked mode is available to players that are level 30. Ranked uses Draft Mode: the first player on each team bans 3 champions from the game, and the two teams cannot have an identical champion. In addition, opposing Champion picks are visible before the game begins. Second, ranked players are seeded into a League system.

As of October 2012, Riot Games claims League of Legends has over 32 million registrations and averages 12 million players worldwide per day. Global concurrent users online peaked at over 5 million players as of March 2013. In July 2012 Xfire released a report stating that League of Legends was the most played PC game in North America and Europe, with 1.3 billion hours logged by players in those regions between July 2011 and June 2012.

Riot Games announced in October 2012 that League of Legends averages over 12 million players worldwide per day, with peak concurrent global players over 5 million players.