The Division EASY Rare Weapons & Items | SOLO Guide NO Dark Zone| FAST XP Beginner Walkthrough Tips. (PC PS4 Xbox) In this video I show you how to get Rare Weapons and Items as well as Rank Up Fast in The Division. Madison Field Hospital SOLO Walkthrough. I played the beta for about 40 hours and I have a ton of gameplay footage. Let me know if there is something you would like to see!  Open Beta for everyone starts next week Feb 16-21! Plus this works for the main game too when it comes out March 8th.

Please Subscribe, Like and Share! Thanks for watching!!!

The Division takes place in mid-crisis New York, an open world with destructive environments that is free for players to explore. The player's mission is to restore order by investigating the source of a virus. Players have to team up with other Division agents as they progress. The game's core mechanics are similar to other third-person-shooters, in which player character can carry three weapons, and explosives like sticky bombs and smart mines to fight against enemies. Players may take cover behind objects during firefights to avoid taking damage from enemies, and to give them a tactical advantage when attacking. As the game is set in a third-person perspective, the character model is visible.
As players progress, they earn experience points. They can use these points to customize their character, backpack, level up weapons and gear, and learn new talents and skills. Players have to complete missions to learn active talents such as the ability to throw healing grenades, deploy automated gun turret or use radar pulse, which can tag enemies. The game features a dynamic, time based weather system which may bring benefits or disadvantages to players. For instance, storms can hinder player's visibility and make aiming difficult. The game also features a day-night cycle which will change the behaviors of enemies in the game.
The Dark Zone is the player-versus-player competitive multiplayer mode featured in The Division, where a lot of high-end weapons are left behind when the military retreats in the game. It is separated from the main campaign and has its own progression system. Players discover valuable items inside a Dark Zone. However, these items, known as "infected loot", can be taken by other players in the zone, and will not be permanently attached to the player's character unless they are extracted from the zone through a helicopter. Players can be accompanied by several co-operative partners and other neutral, player-controlled agents. These people, however, can turn against the player at any moment, going rogue. Players' level and ranking may drop if they die too often in the zone.
Unlike the previous E3 Demo, Brooklyn, Long Island, and Staten Island will not be in the final game.