Master Craftsman is a trophy and achievement in The Division for crafting a high end item. It's also a great reminder on how you should handle gear you do not want.  Starting out in the Division you want to deconstruct all unwanted items instead of selling them. You can then use these to craft materials. You can combine greet crafting items and make them rare, and then take the blue rare crafting components and upgrade them to the high end yellow.

► Support me on Patreon - https://www.patreon.com/PS4Trophies

Twitch ► http://www.twitch.tv/ps4trophies
Twitter ► https://twitter.com/PS4_Trophies
My Website ► http://www.ps4trophiesgaming.com/

▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
★  The Division includes the following trophies  ★ 
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬

Platinum Agent (Platinum)
Unlocked every Trophy in Tom Clancy's The Division™.
 
Activated (Bronze)
Get to Manhattan.
 
Outbreak (Bronze)
Secure a sample of the original virus strain.
 
Can't Stand the Heat! (Bronze)
Eliminate the leader of the Cleaners and escape the Napalm Production Site.
 
Crime and Punishment (Bronze)
Eliminate the leader of the Rikers gang and her bodyguards in Lexington Event Center.
 
I've Got the Power (Bronze)
Secure the Power Plant.
 
Fly on the Wall (Bronze)
Restore the JTF comm relay.
 
Last Man Standing (Bronze)
Eliminate the leader of the Last Man Battalion and his men in the U.N. Building.
 
You Win Some, You Lose Some (Bronze)
Recover Tchernenko's research data from the Russian Consulate.
 
What Needs To Be Done (Bronze)
Recover Charles Bliss' propaganda tape.
 
The Final Curtain (Bronze)
Uncover the fates of Gordon Amherst and Aaron Keener.
 
On the Level (Gold)
Reach Level 30 with an Agent.
 
Marathon (Bronze)
Discover ALL of the Safe Houses in Manhattan.
 
Know No Fear (Gold)
Finish all of the missions at Level 30 on the Hard difficulty.
 
Hardened Combatant (Bronze)
Complete a mission in Challenge mode.
 
United We Stand (Silver)
At lvl 30 start and complete a Co-op Mission without anyone being Downed or Dying.
 
Shadows of the Past (Bronze)
Activate 63 ECHO scenes.
 
Droning on… (Bronze)
Extract 16 aerial photos from crashed drones.
 
Survivalist (Bronze)
Recover 24 Survival Handbook pages.
 
Agent Diaries (Bronze)
Extract 130 phone recordings from phones found in Manhattan.
 
The Finder (Bronze)
Retrieve 20 missing First Wave Division Agent profiles.
 
Incident Reports (Bronze)
Extract 40 audio incident reports from JTF laptops.
 
Gain a Foothold (Bronze)
Regroup with Faye Lau in the Base of Operations.
 
The Engineer (Bronze)
Rescue Paul Rhodes.
 
The Doctor (Bronze)
Rescue and extract Dr. Jessica Kandel.
 
The Captain (Bronze)
Rescue Captain Roy Benitez.
 
State of the Art (Gold)
Fully Upgrade the Base of Operations.
 
Skillz (Bronze)
Equip 10 different skill mods.
 
Skill Kill (Bronze)
Finish off 50 enemies using Skills.
 
The Humanitarian (Bronze)
Purchase the Canine Unit and Pediatric Care Base of Operations Upgrade.
 
Those Signature Moves (Bronze)
Activate any of the Signature Skills 100 times.
 
Natural Talent (Bronze)
Be attributed with a kill whilst having a Talent active.
 
One Down, Two to Go! (Silver)
Completely upgrade any one wing of the Base of Operations.
 
Fixer Upper (Silver)
Completely upgrade any two wings of the Base of Operations.
 
Bling! Bling! (Silver)
Equip all Equipment slots with Superior or High end Items.
 
Good With My Hands (Bronze)
Craft 10 items.
 
Master Craftsman (Silver)
Craft a high-end item.
 
Deconstructive Criticism (Bronze)
Deconstruct 100 items.
 
Looking for Group (Bronze)
Join or create a group.
 
Medic! (Bronze)
Revive a teammate 20 times in co-op.
 
Lean On Me (Bronze)
Heal or buff 100 times whilst in a group.
 
Networking (Bronze)
Complete 20 Missions as part of a group.
 
Shut That Door (Bronze)
Close a car door whilst in cover.
 
Raid the Arsenal (Bronze)
Kill 1 enemy with each of the 6 Gun classes.
 
Worth the Wait (Bronze)
Successfully Extract a contaminated item from the Dark Zone.
 
Mass Extraction (Bronze)
Extract an item at all 8 Extraction Zones.
 
Plundered! (Bronze)
Extract a Superior or High end Item from the Dark Zone.
 
Headhunter (Bronze)
Kill a named Elite in the Dark Zone.
 
You Just Made the List… (Bronze)
Kill 10 Named Enemies in the Dark Zone.
 
For Justice! (Bronze)
Kill a player who has Gone Rogue.
 
I am the LAW! (Bronze)
Kill 20 Rogue Agents.