Discover how to find the best items to sell on eBay. Get a free Terapeak trial now: http://wholesaleted.com/go/terapeak (I got the trial period wrong in the video. It's 7 days not 2 weeks)

Get our free ebook which teaches how to make $10k/month with dropshipping: http://wholesaleted.com/4-step 

Want to know the best items to sell on eBay so that you can source products for your eBay store that people will actually want to buy? Then watch this video and read this. I’m going to teach you how to figure out which items have high buyer demand, but low seller competition. That way, you can spend your time sourcing THOSE items and minimize any risks you’re making when buying products to resell. 

Last year, I recommended the SaleHoo Market Research Lab as the tool to use when finding the best items to sell on eBay. Since then, this has been updated and is no longer suitable. That is why in my newly revised video for 2016, I recommend that you use Terapeak. It does everything the Market Research Lab did: but it does it even better. 

Here is the step-by-step process & Terapeak Tutorial for figuring out the best items to sell on eBay:

Step 1: Brainstorm a list of items you might want to sell on eBay

What we’re going to do is brainstorm a list of items that might be the best items to sell on eBay. Then, using my Terapeak tutorial, you’re going to use it to figure out which of these are the easiest items to sell with the highest profit. 

One way to brainstorm a list potential items is to use the Amazon Top 100 list. Amazon list their top 100 selling items for each of their categories. Pick a category (in the video I picked Baby) and go through the items listed and write down the items priced $20+. If you’re going to be sourcing the items via retail arbitrage and thrifting, write down the exact name including the brand. If you’re doing wholesale selling/dropshipping, write down the type of item. 

At the end, you’ll have a list of items to then check out in Terapeak.

Step 2: Use Terapeak to identify the best items to sell on eBay

Take your list, and open up Terapeak. Sign into your Terapeak subscription. If you don’t have a Terapeak subscription, you can get one here: http://wholesaleted.com/go/terapeak 

Next, click the “In-Depth Research” button. From here, click “Product Research.” In the search bar, type in one of the items you identified in step 1. Next, select the eBay website/region you want to analyze. Most people will want this to be ebay.com but if you live in say, Australia and want to sell on Australia’s eBay you’ll want to change this to ebay.com.au. Finally, change the time period so that Terapeak is analyzing the past 30 days instead of the default of the last 7 days, and then click “Apply Filters.” 

Terapeak will now give you a report on the item. When identifying if a product is one of the best items to sell on eBay, check that it meets the following criteria:

* An average selling price that is $20+ (the higher the better)
* An average sell-through rate of 33%+ 

If it doesn’t meet this criteria, cross it off your list and try. If it does meet this criteria, go back to the search filters. Select “Bid Auctions” and then click “Apply Filters.” Now, check the Bids per Listing. If the item has an average bid per listing of less than 2, cross it off your list as it has medium-to-high competition. If it is 2+, then keep it on your list because you’ve identified an item with high buyer demand and low seller competition!  

Step 3: Repeat this process through all of the items on your list

Go through each of the items on your list and check to make sure they meet the following criteria:

* Average selling price of $20+
* Average sell-through rate of 33%+
* Average bid per auction of 2+

Cross off the items that don’t meet this criteria, and keep the ones that do. At the end, you’ll have a list of the best items to sell on eBay. Now all you need to do is source the items, and sourcing the items is a lot easier when you know what exactly you’re looking for. 

Get your free 2-week trial of Terapeak now and discover the best items to sell on eBay: http://wholesaleted.com/go/terapeak 

Want to learn how to build a 10k/month dropshipping business? Then download our free ebook now: http://wholesaleted.com/4-step