This videos shows the HTML Lesson 4 which Includes:
Ordered List Tag,OL Tag,LI Tag,List Items
Types and Styles of OL Tag
1 - Numbers
a - Small Alphabets
A - Capital Alphabets
i - Small Roman Numbers
I - Capital Roman Numbers
Use the HTML ul element to define an unordered list. Use the HTML style attribute to define the bullet style. Use the HTML ol element to define an ordered list. Use the HTML type attribute to define the numbering type.
The ol tag defines an ordered list. An ordered list can be numerical or alphabetical. Use the li tag to define list items.
It is the Explanation of Basic Structure of HTML Website Layout and Will Teach you all Basics of HTML.
Also this video is a very high-level introduction to HTML intended to give some basic information to those with absolutely no experience using HTML.
Home Trainers Provides High-End Professional Training Video Tutorials for Teaching, “Creative Graphics, Web Site Designing, 2D-3D Animation, Audio-Video Editing & VFX + Compositing”
Our mission is to Educate & Teach our Clients & Community. We also make house calls to many of the places in and near by Mumbai at Corporate Firm, Houses, Studios, Schools, Colleges etc.
Keywords:
&,.ai,.at,.avi,.cdr,.cdt,.html,.id,.idt,.max,.mp4,.mpeg4,.pdf,.psd,3D,A,Abstraction,Adobe,Ads,ADT,Advance,Advertisement,Alerts,also,and,Android,Animation,Append,Applets,Application,Architecture,Arrays,Art,Asp.Net,Audio,Avi,Avid,Backh-end,Banner,Basics,Best,Bitmap,Build,Builder,Business,By,c,c++,can,Card,Catalogue,Catalouge,CC,Classes,Collection,Combustion,Compositing,Computer,Conditions,Connection,Cookies,Cordone,Corel,CorelDRAW,Create,CS2,CS3,CS4,CS5,CS6,CSS,Cutting,databases,Defination,Delete,Design,Designing,Director,Do_While,Download,Dreamweaver,DTP,Easily,Easy,Editing,Edutrainer,E-Learning,Exclusive,Export,FCP,File,Finishing,Fireworks,Flash,For,Free,Front-end,Functions,Google,Grant,Graphic,Graphics,grasp,Handling,HD,High,Home,How,HTML,Illustrator,Image,Import,in,Indesign,India,Indian,Information,Insert,it,Java,Javascript,JDBC,Languages,Learn,learner,Learning,Like,Live,Logo,Loop,Macromedia,Mailer,Make,Making,Master,Max,Media,Method,Microsoft,MPEG4,Mr.,MultiThreading,MVC,My,mysql,new,Objects,of,Online,Operators,Overloading,Overriding,Package,page,Paint,Patel,Photo,Photoshop,php,Pointers,Polymorphism,Premier,Premium,Presentation,Presents,Pro,Prompt-Box,Publish,query,Read,Ready,Rendering,Retouchup,School,Schools,session,Smart,Smartly,Soundbooth,Sql,Streaming,Strings,Structure,Suite,Swish,Teaching,Technology,Template,that,to,Trainer,Training,Tutor,Tutorial,Understand,update,Variables,VB,Vector,Version,very,Video,Videos,Viral,Visiting,Visual,Visuals,vs,Walkthrough,Wav,way,Website,While,with,Wix,Woorank,Wordpress,WPD,Write,X7,XHTML,XML,You,info@hometrainer.in,www.hometrainer.in
For any kindly of Queries or Comments, feel free to reach us at:
+91-96-999-143-86 | info@hometrainer.in | www.hometrainer.in
Make Sure You SUBSCRIBE our YouTube Channel, so you don’t miss any Upcoming Videos! This channel is also a hit for the age group of 13-35 crowd, don’t miss out!.
ordered list html using javascript to loop