With more than 100 million downloads, the YouVersion Bible app Download it here: https://www.bible.com/

"Nothing from nothing leaves nothing"

Some atheists are trying to make believe that Albert Einstein did not believe in God. They try of the support to their cause, but for them, Albert Einstein unfortunately himself was aware of this during his live reason why he said this quite interesting sentence:

"Taking into account of such harmony in the cosmos, that I recognize with my limited human brain, there are people who say that there is no God. But what really annoys me is that they quote me to support their point of view. "(Albert Einstein, extract of the book to Alice Calaprice"The Expanded Quotable Einstein", 2000, p.214)

A new scientific discipline proves the existence of a Designer

The problem for atheists is that nature has too much design. Some animals, insects and plants possess such sophisticated features than the...

A fascinating biological discovery proves the existence of a creator

In 1802, the English theologian William Paley publishes his famous work entitled "Natural theology" in which he presents the analogy of the watch. ...

Conclusion

We have seen only a few examples of biomimetic one of thousands here.

In 2010, for example, found that the wings of butterflies could put an end to the banking fraud, it has manufactured a new material made of polystyrene in inspired shells and the the more impermeable surface that there taking the hair of spiders has been created.

In 2011, it was discovered that a plant was capable of detecting explosives, ultra light structures for the architecture was created in drawing the skeleton of sea urchins and were made extremely clever electronic hand that could be used to amputees based on the remarkable elasticity of movement in the legs of the cockroach.

In short, so many examples which prove one thing: there is indeed a unique design in nature, a design that points to the existence of a designer. Because how is it that the natural world has an infinite perfect systems and remarkable technologies that surpass amply systems and technologies created by man?
Odds on that God exists, says scientist Dr Stephen Unwin, the guardian co uk
Monday 8 March 2004 11.03 EST

"Nothing from nothing leaves nothing"