Emmylou Harris sings the first cut-"Shores of White Sand"-of her new album:

All I Intended To Be

1. Shores of White Sand (Jack Wesley Routh)
2. Hold On (Jude Johnstone)
3. Moon Song (Patty Griffin)
4. Broken Man's Lament (Mark Germino)
5. Gold (Emmylou Harris)
6. How She Could Sing the Wildwood Flower (Emmylou Harris, Kate and Anna McGarrigle)
7. All That You Have is Your Soul (Tracy Chapman)
8. Take That Ride (Emmylou Harris)
9. Old Five and Dimers Like Me (Billy Joe Shaver)
10. Kern River (Merle Haggard)
11. Not Enough (Emmylou Harris)
12. Sailing Round the Room (Emmylou Harris, Kate and Anna McGarrigle)
13. Beyond the Great Divide (J.C. Crowley and Jack Wesley Routh)


Nonesuch Records will release Emmylou Harris' new album All I Intended to Be on June 10. 

This is Harris' third release on Nonesuch and her first solo effort since 2003's Stumble Into Grace. Of the selected material, Harris explains, "I've always seen myself as a relentless songfinder, a singer of other people's work whom I admire greatly, and an occasional songwriter." A North American summer tour in support of the record begins May 23 in California with more dates to be announced shortly. 

Recorded over a four-year span primarily at producer Brian Ahern's Easter Island Surround in Nashville, for the first time in 25 years, this album returns Harris to the producer she worked with for her first 11 albums. Taking its title from a line in the featured Harris-John Starling duet "Old Five and Dimers Like Me" (Billy Joe Shaver), the record includes both original material as well as some of Harris' favorite songs. As Fader magazine notes, "Harris' records are distinguished by an almost curatorial respect for the artifacts..." Longtime friends Kate and Anna McGarrigle co-wrote and sing on two tracks, "How She Could Sing the Wildwood Flower" and "Sailing Round the Room," while Dolly Parton, Vince Gill and Buddy Miller also contribute vocals on the album. 

A twelve-time Grammy winner and Billboard Century Award recipient, Emmylou Harris' contribution as a singer and songwriter spans 40 years. She has recorded more than 25 albums and has lent her talents to countless fellow artists' recordings. In recognition of her remarkable career, Harris will be inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame on April 27. Of Harris, Tammy Genovese, CMA Chief Executive Officer says, "(Emmylou) possesses the voice of an angel. She is one of the most revered song interpreters on the planet, and has been instrumental in preserving country music's past while expanding country music's horizons throughout her career." New York's WFUV also honors Harris this spring, recognizing the singer with the Sound and Vision Award at its annual spring gala at Sotheby's on April 29.