Watch Dogs 2 Gameplay - Watch Dogs 2 Gameplay Part 1 - Watch Dogs 2 Walkthrough Part 1 - Watch Dogs 2 Trailer - Watch Dogs 2 Release Date is 11/15/16. Real gameplay, awesome characters, and a gorgeous open world, Watch Dogs 2 is gonna be epic!!

VolatileGabe's Channel: http://youtube.com/VolitileGabe

FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER: http://twitter.com/GhostRobo
FOLLOW ME ON INSTAGRAM: http://instagram.com/realGhostRobo

#GhostRoboArmy for life!!

Similar to its predecessor, Watch Dogs 2 is an action-adventure game with stealth elements. Played from a third-person perspective, the game features an open world set in a fictionalized version of San Francisco, an area more than twice as large as the setting from Watch Dogs. The city of San Francisco consists of six different areas: the downtown area, Civic, Coast, Oakland, Marin, and Silicon Valley, all of which have different characteristics and aesthetics. Players can navigate the city on-foot or by the various vehicles featured in the game, such as cars, trucks, motorbikes, quad bikes and boats. The driving mechanic was overhauled and was designed to be more accessible. The players can also shoot their weapons while driving. Marcus also has improved acrobatic skills, and has the ability to parkour around the city.

Players can use different methods to approach the game's missions. Players can choose between the aggressive approach, in which they defeat enemies with guns which are made with a 3D printer, explosives like mines, or Marcus' own melee weapon, the thunderball, a billiard ball attached to a bungee cord. Alternatively, players can use the stealth approach, in which they can evade enemies or paralyze them temporarily with Marcus' taser. Players can also complete the game through hacking alone. When players commit too many crimes in the open world, police officers will become alerted and will attempt to arrest the player. The game upgrades system also returns, with items being divided into three categories: Stealth, Aggressor, and Trickster. Players can choose their upgrades in accordance to their own playstyle.

Marcus can hack into various electronic devices connected to the ctOS system with his in-game smartphone. For example, Marcus can modify the personal information of non-player characters to have them arrested, hack and manipulate every mobile phone featured in the game, disrupt traffic by hacking cars and traffic lights, hack into monitoring cameras, and carry out "mass hacking", which hacks the electrical equipment of a large group of people. Players also gain multiple options while hacking the same object. For instance, if the player attempts to hack a car, they can gain direct control over them, or have the car losing control and crashing in a random direction. If the player hacks a junction box, they can choose whether they should deactivate it or turn it into a proximity mine. Unlike Aiden, the protagonist of the first game, Marcus has an arsenal of advanced equipment, including a quadcopter and a remote-controlled car, both of which can be used for remote hacking and scouting. Marcus' apparel can be customized with over 700 articles of clothing, available for purchase in stores that maintain fashion styles unique to what is worn by the denizens in each area. The game features several main story missions, and side-missions known as "operations". Completing these operations will increase the followers count of Marcus, which will tie back into the narrative and help players to complete their ultimate goal.