A good video about the screen printing machine. This free video was created for you by http://epsos.de and can be re-used for free, under the creative commons license, with the attribution of epSos.de as the original creator of this video about the screen printing machine.

Thank you for supporting the creative commons movement !!

The screen printing is a printing method with a special ink. The special ink is pressed trough a fine net onto the fabric. The net has holes, but not everywhere. The color can pass trough the holes onto the fabric. The spaces without the holes are without the color. The net must have an picture in the shape of the holes. The net can be made from silk, nylon or metal.

This screen printing method is very good for many materials. It is possible to print on a flat material or on curved surfaces. These special ink can be used on different materials. On metal, plastic, wood, textile, glass and ceramic too. The size of the printed image has no limits. It can be bigger than the net. The image can have multiple parts and an unlimited number of colors, as long as the colors are all mixed together.

The screen printing ink can be very thick or very thin. Multiple layers of ink can be printed on top of each-other. The printing speed is relatively slow, but the quality is very high. Screen printing is used in the advertising, for labels, in the printing processes on t-shirts, ceramic mugs and industrial applications. Many artists love the screen printing machines, because the artists can mix any color and all the prints are unique, every time !

Screen printing is a very traditional process. The printing frame has an image in the shape of a net with holes. This image can be made by a special machine, or it can be printed or painted with glue. It is possible to create everything with hands and without machines. The spaces without the glue will create the holes int the screen. The holes will allow the pain to go trough. The ink will create and image.


The mask prevents the paint from going through. The holes allow the pain to go trough. The mask is an exact opposite of the final image. Quality is very important for women. The printing screen can be connected with a frame, so that it does not move during the printing process. The t-shirt is on the plate, so that it does not move during the printing process. The plate can be warm, so that the paint can enter the T-shirt much better. After the printing, the paint must become dry. It is possible to heat the pain, so that the textile and the pain will connect together. The heat connects the paint to the T-shirt. The paint does become part of the textile and can not be separated anymore.

The modern screen printing process is relatively modern. It was invented in the first half of the 20th century. Europe and Japan used similar screen printing processes in the 18th and 19th centuries, but the machines were not as good as today. Many artists use the screen printing method for their art, because they can create everything at home. Even paper can be used for the screen printing. Just cut out the holes on paper and press the paint into the holes of the image on the paper.

The screen printing process is very practical and easy. The graphical screen printing is used by artists. Industrial screen printing and textile printing is used on a large scale. There are very important printing applications for glass, ceramic and any products that are created in very large qualities. Industrial screen printing is also used for the manufacturing of electronics, solar cells, computers, window heating elements, dashboards, T-shirts, sport bags, curtain fabrics, clothing, carpets, and much more.

Screen printing designs are produced with existing images of drawings. Manual production of screen printing frames is possible. The manual techniques are often used for education of artists. The screen printing process is very good for mixed colors and images with many small lines. The screen printing paints are very durable and can be used on any surface.

You can re-use this video for free. Go ahead. Thank you for supporting the creative commons movement !!