Stop worrying about transgender people in bathrooms

Hemant Mehta (http://www.friendlyatheist.com, http://www.patreon.com/Hemant , https://www.facebook.com/friendlyatheist)



http://religionnews.com/2016/05/14/3-reasons-conservative-christians-will-lose-the-transgender-debate/

http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2016/05/14/conservatives-cant-answer-this-simple-question-about-transgender-people-and-bathrooms/

...

I know I'm a little late to this, but I still wanted to make this video because we're still talking about transgender people in bathrooms, as if this is some big, scary issue. 

The American Family Association has a petition against Target for the company's trans-inclusive bathroom policy. (Because how dare a big company treat all their customers with some basic human decency...)

North Carolina is dealing with dueling lawsuits with the federal government over HB 2. 

And all of this for what? Because some people want to pee, and a lot of Christians can't handle it. 

Look: I'll be honest with you even if it gets me in trouble. When I first learned about gay people -- that they existed -- I thought it was weird. It's not something we ever talked about in my family. I didn't know any gay Indian people growing up, and I wasn't using the internet so I was in a bubble. 

But it wasn't long before I knew several gay people. (It happens when you do theater throughout high school and college.) And I listened to them. And I learned more about what they were dealing with. And I quickly realized I was making a big deal out of nothing, just because I happened to be unfamiliar with it. 

That's what's happening now with transgender people. For a long time, they had to remain in the closet. The ramifications for coming out were too harsh so they kept it to themselves. 

Transgender people have existed as long as lesbian, gay and bisexual people, but only recently have trans issues made it to the mainstream

But that means a lot of conservative Christians, who didn't even know being transgender was a "thing," have to reckon with what that means. They think it's a big deal if a trans person shares a bathroom with them. They think it's weird if someone in grade school or high school *knows* his gender identity doesn't match his genitalia. 

You know what, though? I think most of us would agree that sharing a bathroom with a gay person isn't a big deal. You don't even think about it. You don't walk into a bathroom and wonder what everyone else's sexual orientation is. You just do your business and get the hell out.

And I think most of us also understand that people know they're gay from a very young age. They don't just turn on a gay switch when they become teenagers. 

So when I hear these arguments from certain Christians -- that trans people are pedophiles or perverts or confused -- I know they're coming from a place of ignorance. They're saying the same things about trans people today that they said about gay people yesterday. (And still say today, in some places.) 

When Republican Mike Huckabee says he totally would've pretended to be a girl in high school if he knew he could shower with them, I hope everyone cringes because it shows what a creep Mike Huckabee is. Trans people aren't faking it just to get a glimpse of something they shouldn't see. 

Mike Huckabee is way more dangerous in a girl's bathroom than a trans woman.

The truth is trans people have been in bathrooms with you before, and you didn't know, because you weren't even thinking about it. And nothing bad happened. 

More Republican politicians have been arrested in public bathrooms than trans people. Hell, more children have been sexually assaulted by Catholic priests than by trans people.