Subscribe for a new video every day Monday through Friday:

http://www.youtube.com/user/petebennettuk?sub_confirmation=1 
 
Very few people like change. Most people are scared of trying things which are new to them. Often it's not the actual thing they are going to do for the first time which is the issue, it's simply that they think other people will make fun of them or bully them. In this video I relate my experience which shows people are more supportive than you might think.

This video is part of my daily series of hints and tips designed to help entrepreneurs and small business owners be more successful.

Visit my channel for more videos:

http://youtube.com/PeteBennettUK 

Connect with me on social media

Twitter: http://twitter.com/PeteBennettUK
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/PeteBennettUK
Blog: http://petebennettuk.blogspot.com
YouTube Channel: http://youtube.com/PeteBennettUK 

Legal Disclaimer: The views expressed in this video are my own and should not be taken as warranted business advice. Should you choose to act upon tips or advice shared, you do so entirely at your own risk.

Copyright (C) Pete Bennett - 2013. All rights reserved.

Video Transcript:

Just behind me here is a gym which I have recently started going to.  Now this is not me boasting about me going to the gym.  This is me admitting that before I went to the gym, probably took six weeks of trying to make my mind up that I was going to take the plunge.  And the main reason was that I wasn't very confident -- excuse, squeezing by.  I can actually squeeze through that hole now.  I wouldn't have been able to do that before I went to the gym.

But the main reason that I took a while was -- it's kind of like a confidence thing in that I'm pretty comfortable in a business situation because I've been there for 20 years or so, and it feels very familiar.  I know the language, I know what works and what doesn't, to an extent, although as I've shared, I've messed up many things along the way.  But I don't know much about gyms, I don't know much about exercise, I don't know much about health, and I was a bit scared going into there- that there would be lots of people who have grown up, if you like -- someone doing exercises behind me -- who had grown up in the physical education domain.  And I would come in as this middle aged fat bloke with no muscles, no physique, no training.  I have not got a clue what the muscles are even called, never mind about how to train with them.  And I was thinking everyone was going to laugh at me and everyone's going to ridicule me and show off about much better they are than I am and all that kind of stuff.

But you know what?  Absolutely the opposite happened.  As soon as I went in there and I said, "Look," to the personal trainer, "I'm a mess.  I've come here for help.  You're the expert.  I'll do as I'm told," she took me under her wing and so did a lot of the other people in the gym.  We're talking about macho blokes who probably spend their time ripping up phone directories in their spare time.
But these people were lovely and now I look forward to going because I feel that it's a supportive environment.  And I think a lot of people who are in the throws of deciding to start their own business up probably feel the same.  It's like the business world is full of, I don't know, things like the media.  What's it?  Dragon's Den, and the Apprentice and all that absolute nonsense, sort of making business out to be this really macho unsupportive environment.  And yes, it's competitive in the same way that sports are competitive and lots of things are competitive.  

But if you approach people who are experts in their people, or at least people have been doing it longer than you, you find more often than not, they're very happy to help you and share because it becomes a way of life.  Being an entrepreneur is not a job, it's a lifestyle choice and people have a natural affinity with other people who have made similar choices.  

So I'm rambling. I'm out of breath despite going to the gym.  But if you're thinking of taking the plunge, do it. Because you'll find that people are a lot more supportive once you've made that choice than perhaps you think they'll be looking at ridiculous on the TV which I think quite often are a disgrace.