Click here: http://www.parenting-skills.org/how-to-be-a-good-parent

“All children behave as well as they are treated“ is one of the good parent quotes said by Jan Hunt. Let’s see how authentic it is in today’s scenario.

Raising children is one of the difficult at the same time most rewarding jobs in the world.

With a little patience and accepting a little assistance you can take the right steps on how to be a good parent. There is no such good parent definition.

Here are a few tips to help you raise your children and also add essential characteristics of a good parent in you.

1. Express Love and Affection:

A warm cuddle, some encouragement, appreciation, or sometimes even a smile can do work wonders in boosting the confidence of your children.

Tell them you love them the most being a good mother.

Bestow lots of hugs and few kisses

Love them unconditionally; don’t compel them to become that person who you think they should be just to deserve your love. Convince them that you will always love them without any expectations.

Let them know how special they are.

Express them how much they are important for you.

2. Respect their Privacy:

Give space to them as you would want them to respect your privacy; for example, if you tell your child that your room is out of boundaries to him/her, do the same with his/her room.

Let them feel that once they enter their rooms they can assure that no one will peep through their drawers, or flip through their diary and never do it, you cannot be a bad parent.

3. Offer Safety to your Children:

Most kids are generally scared when a lightning appears or when they have a horrible dream etc. some are insecure by nature.

Based on your children’s nature, take right steps to feel them comfortable, it makes a good parent.

4. Be a Role Model:

Model the good parent behavior and character you expect your children should adopt and abide by the rules you set.

Children tend to become what they witness and hear.

5. Avoid Favoritism:

Surveys say that parents often have favorite kids, but most children expect they are the favorite. When your children quarrel, don’t take sides.

.....................................
Connect us: 

ParentingSkills.org: http://www.parenting-skills.org
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ParentingSkillsBestPractices
Twitter: http://twitter.com/Parenting_skill
Google+: https://plus.google.com/u/0/b/103578021219122318507/103578021219122318507?pageId=103578021219122318507
.....................................


Related Keyword Searches:

how to be a good parent
what makes a good parent
qualities of a good parent
being a good parent
what is a good parent
characteristics of a good parent
good parent
what makes a good parent essay
am i a good parent
be a good parent
how to become a good parent
tips on being a good parent
what make a good parent
how to be good parent
tips for being a good parent
ways to be a good parent
becoming a good parent
to be a good parent
a good parent essay