Top 5 Bizarre Genetically Mutated Animals. These animals are all suffering from bizarre genetic mutations. The bizarre mutation make for a pretty unique animal video. Very sad but also very interesting

5. Glow-in-the-dark cats

In 2007, South Korean scientists altered a cat’s DNA to make it glow in the dark and then took that DNA and cloned other cats from it — creating a set of fluffy, fluorescent felines. Scientists believe the ability to engineer animals with fluorescent proteins will enable them to artificially create animals with human genetic diseases, and could help with curing those diseases in humans.

4. Web-spinning goats

Strong, flexible spider silk is one of the most valuable materials in nature, and it could be used to make an array of products. Researchers inserted a spiders’ dragline silk gene into the goats’ DNA in such a way that the goats would only make the silk protein in their milk. This “silk milk” could then be used to manufacture a web-like material called Biosteel.

3. The Monkey Pig

This animal has a simian jaw, bulging forehead, small snout and eyes that are so close together that they appear almost attached. Its front legs are much shorter than its back legs, causing it top hop rather than walk on all fours like a normal piglet. The animal was one of five piglets born to a sow owned by a family in China. The piglet’s condition is thought to be a result of a genetic defect known as holoprosencephaly. This condition can cause cyclopia, which may explain why the pig’s eyes are so close together.

2. The Cyclops Kitten

Born with only one eye, 'Cleyed the Cyclops' stunned his owners when he was born. The Bengal kitten was delivered in a veterinarian's operating room, after his mother began to experience difficulties giving birth. The second of the litter, Cleyed 'floored' everyone in the room as they realised that he had been born with a rare deformity that left him with one eye and no nose. Tragically the tiny kitten died very soon after coming into the world. We also found the picture of the cat with 6 eyes, does anyone know if it's real?

1. Two-Faced Cat

Meet Frank and Louie, a cat with not only two names, but also two faces on one head. Born 12 years ago, the cat - known as a Janus cat - was not expected to live long. Janus cats almost never survive, and most have birth defects, including a cleft palate, that makes it difficult for them to nurse and often causes them to slowly starve or get milk in their lungs and die of pneumonia. But, for reasons unknown, Frank and Louie did not suffer from these common ailments and have made it into the 2012 Guinness World Records as the longest-surviving Janus cat. 

Find us on...
-- http://www.twitter.com/world5list
-- http://www.pinterest.com/world5list
-- http://www.boredbadger.com
-- http://www.facebook.com/world5list