Check out my Book series "The Fall" on Amazon!
http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Ddigital-text&field-keywords=dave%20mcintyre%20the%20fall

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE POSTING QUESTIONS

This trap is common in Brazil and can be made quickly without tools and only using material on hand.  It will result in the live capture of a bird.

TIPS ON TRAPPING

Trapping is a numbers game.  The more traps you have set the better your chances of catching game.  In practice trappers here will set 10 to 20 arapuca traps baited with the correct bait for the target species and set in locations where the birds have been observed feeding.  This trap is normally used for ground feeding birds that eat seeds or fruit.  The arapuca when set by an experienced trapper will have about a 10 - 20% success rate.  That is the reality of trapping.  That means if you have ten of them set in good locations you can expect one bird a day.  Twenty traps will net you one or two birds a day, three if you are lucky.  I have caught multiple dove in one arapuca, it can happen in a good location.

With over 100,000 views from all over the world it would be impossible to give specific information regarding bait or trap placement.  One tactic that greatly increases effectiveness is to establish a feeding ground for the local birds by placing feed or bait in the same place and allowing the birds to come regularly for feeding.  Set several traps propped up but not armed allowing the birds to get accustomed to feeding under them and leaving.  The first time you arm the traps you will net several birds if they are accustomed to feeding under an arapuca.

The trap works if you have studied the birds habits and preferred bait.  Trapping is a skill, making traps is only the beginning of learning how to effectively trap.  The nice thing about the arapuca is that you can practice without harming game unlike many other traps.

Please, as always, obey all local laws and only actually kill wild game if it is legal or necessary.  

Thanks for watching,

Mac