Top 10 strange gmo food and products that you use daily
Subscribe to our channel: http://goo.gl/9CwQhg

For copyright matters please contact us at: david.f@valnetinc.com


Description:
The world of science has reached some incredible heights when it comes to technology. But science is much more than just robots and looking for the next biggest technological breakthrough. Science has also made major innovations when it comes to the food industry and the environment. Because the world has done some great damage to the environment around us, scientists have had to try to mend the damage by using genetic engineering. Whether resources are depleted or the natural course isn’t convenient for big business, scientists come in and fill in the gaps with genetically modified products.
GMOs, also known as genetically modified organisms, are becoming a hot button topic in the food industry. The public is concerned about whether or not consuming GMOs might lead to bad health problems like cancer and allergies. Major corporations insist that there isn’t a problem, but local farmers say otherwise and are being put out of business.
In this video are some of the strangest genetically modified products. We know that these products aren’t handcrafted by Mother Nature herself, and surely there are risks. All thanks to science, we are now consuming foods that defy the laws of nature. From square watermelons to bananas that have the vaccination for hepatitis B, these products are purely man-made. But time will only tell whether or not these genetically modified products are for the betterment of society or the downfall of it or it could actually save the world from starvation and disease. Only time will give us the answer.


Our Social Media:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/TheRichest.org
Twitter: https://twitter.com/TheRichest_Com
Instagram: http://instagram.com/therichest

Featuring:
Vaccinated Bananas
Purple Tomatoes
Frankenswine
Venomous Cabbage
Square Watermelons
GloFish
Humanized Cow Milk
Flavr Savr Tomato
Pollution Plants


For more videos and articles visit:
http://www.therichest.com/

TheRichest is the world's leading source of shocking and intriguing content surrounding celebrities, money, global events, society, pop culture, sports and much more. We create high quality top 10 and top 5 list based videos filled with mind blowing interesting and entertaining facts you are going to love and enjoy. Currently updating every day!