Is 'Iron Man 2′ Right? Re-investigating 3D User Interfaces

Three-dimensional (3D) user interfaces are popular in movies. There are also many current systems that enable people to interact with 3D content, including computer games. We re-investigate the ideas behind such 3D User Interfaces and present innovative solutions based on the capabilities and limitations of both humans and technologies.

Dr. Wolfgang Stuerzlinger is a leading researcher in three-dimensional user interfaces and virtual reality and a professor at York University.  Stuerzlinger has been programming computers since the age of 14. At the age of 15, at the request of his father,  he began developing software for tax consultants. By 1989 this family-run company was the market leader in his native Austria, a position it still retains. His education and research took him to various universities including the Technical University in Vienna, Austria,  Johannes Kepler University of Linz, Austria and the Department of Computer Science at the University of North Carolina. A York, he is an associate professor and a member of the interdisciplinary Centre for Vision Research (CVR). He is very active in the fields of human-computer interaction and computer-supported collaborative work and his research aims to find innovative solutions for real-world problems. Current research projects include better user interfaces for two-dimensional and three-dimensional design applications, meeting room environments that actively support collaboration, user interface techniques that are based on human perception principles, new virtual reality hardware and software, a novel kind of display system that can display very vivid images, and many other projects.

About TEDx, x = independently organized event 

In the spirit of ideas worth spreading, TEDx is a program of local, self-organized events that bring people together to share a TED-like experience. At a TEDx event, TEDTalks video and live speakers combine to spark deep discussion and connection in a small group. These local, self-organized events are branded TEDx, where x = independently organized TED event. The TED Conference provides general guidance for the TEDx program, but individual TEDx events are self-organized. (Subject to certain rules and regulations.)