Aaron Seigo
KDE Core Developer
English GNOME and KDE
A system for building reliable, exciting, modern user interfaces for consumer electronics devices that is both Free software and developed fully in the open has been long sought after. Building on the solid building blocks of Linux and Qt and offering integration with platforms such as MeeGo, KDE's Plasma Active combines a fully transparent development ecosystem, 100% Free-as-in-freedom and royalty-free software with an innovative approach to creating user interfaces at low engineering costs.

This presentation will share the results of this community-driven and corporation-backed project and show how you can also get involved. We will see how QtQuick and Javascript combine to produce stunning results that are CPU and OS neutral with minimal effort. Plasma Active for tablet devices will be the highlighted device form factor during the presentation, though smartphones, netbooks and laptops will also be covered in brief. Demonstrations of available stock software such as office document viewers and mapping will also be demonstrated.

Millions of lines of code, thousands of applications, desktop environments, netbook and mobile user interfaces and ubiquitous solutions such as WebKit have all come out of one of the most productive, active and large Free and Open Source communities in the world: KDE.

Over its 15 years of history, thousands of individuals and dozens of companies from around the world have contributed to the success that is KDE. This presentation looks at who and what KDE is today and the products this vibrant community produces.

Aaron Seigo is a core KDE developer who has been working with the project since the KDE 2.0 release. Aaron Seigo first began working in the software industry as a developer in 1992, has both owned and run a variety of software companies and is a past-president and board member of KDE's global non-profit foundation, KDE e.V. Today, Aaron focuses exclusively on Free and Open Source software and, as the founder and chief architect behind KDE's Plasma technology, works on the development of promotion of KDE's Plasma and other software. Named one of the 40 most influential people in IT by silicon.com in 2008, Aaron speaks and write internationally on topics related to open source, business and sustainability.