Doctor Andrew Michaels Rescues the legendary Cyclops from time and brings him forward to heal his damaged eye.   Will he successfully recruit him to help him fight "The Faith Healer"?   This video was suggested/requested by Shane Lockwood, my good friend, who you can see at:  https://www.youtube.com/user/XrotarebiL
And his new channel about paranormal at:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJh9LTJCcoVOecUATOS7TWw Benefit Of Doubt!
I have a new Paypal Donation button at this link:
https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr...
ASMR - Cranial Nerve Examination Role Play (Softly Spoken) performed on an Alien rescued after the 1947 Flying Saucer crash. The cranial nerve exam is part of the neurological examination. It is used to identify problems with the cranial nerves by physical examination. Motor skills test does not work on this Alien, so it was not performed. They do not facially express emotions in a physical way, through their facial muscles.
A cyclops (/ˈsaɪklɒps/ sy-klops; Ancient Greek: Κύκλωψ, Kuklōps; plural cyclopes /saɪˈkloʊpiːz/ sy-kloh-peez; Ancient Greek: Κύκλωπες, Kuklōpes), in Greek mythology and later Roman mythology, was a member of a primordial race of giants, each with a single eye in the middle of his forehead.  The name literally means "round-eyed" or "circle-eyed".
Hesiod described three one-eyed Cyclopes, Brontes, Steropes and Arges the sons of Uranus and Gaia, brothers of the Titans, builders and craftsmen, while the epic poet Homer described another group of mortal herdsmen Cyclopes the sons of Poseidon. Other accounts were written by the playwright Euripides, poet Theocritus and Roman epic poet Virgil. In Hesiod's Theogony, Zeus releases three Cyclopes from the dark pit of Tartarus. They provide Zeus' thunderbolt, Hades' helmet of invisibility, and Poseidon's trident, and the gods use these weapons to defeat the Titans. In a famous episode of Homer's Odyssey, the hero Odysseus encounters the cyclops Polyphemus, the son of Poseidon and Thoosa (a nereid), who lives with his fellow Cyclopes in a distant country. The connection between the two groups has been debated in antiquity and by modern scholars.  It is upon Homer's account that Euripides and Virgil based their accounts of the mythical creatures.