Dale Earnhardt Jr and Jeff Gordan split Jeffrey Hess thought he said farewell to his most loved driver a year ago. 

In November, he flew from rural Philadelphia to witness Jeff Gordon's last Sprint Cup race, at Homestead-Miami Speedway, and drenched up all the hoopla encompassing the four-time champion's goodbye. 

So when Hess viewed a news gathering online a week ago and heard Hendrick Motorsports authorities specify the likelihood Gordon could make a rebound at Indianapolis Motor Speedway, the 41-year-old didn't delay. 

In the wake of clearing it with his significant other, Hess purchased two race tickets and two plane tickets – one each for he and his 8-year-old child, Nathan – to travel to the Brickyard. Also, this was five days before Gordon's part in supplanting the debilitated Dale Earnhardt Jr. was affirmed. 

&quot;I couldn't miss it,&quot; Hess said of viewing Gordon, who experienced childhood in close-by Pittsboro, get in the driver's seat once more. &quot;I wish it was under better conditions, obviously. It's mixed, particularly with the Earnhardt edge.&quot; 

USA TODAY Sports addressed a few Gordon and Earnhardt fans who plan to go to Sunday's Brickyard 400, where Gordon will move into the No. 88 auto while Earnhardt sits out a second race as he keeps on engaging blackout like side effects. There is no timetable on when he may return. 

One thing is clear: Though both gatherings of fans are worried about Earnhardt's wellbeing, there's a gap in how fans are feeling. 

Earnhardt fans are justifiably somewhat discouraged, while Gordon's nearness was a guide that called some of his long-lasting fans from the nation over. 

Randall King, 29, from Oklahoma City, had never been to IMS. Be that as it may, he instantly knew he would make the 11-hour drive when Hendrick made its declaration. 

&quot;It was second nature once they said Gordon was hustling,&quot; he said. &quot;I had an inclination I expected to see that.&quot; 

Lord said he's attempted to appreciate NASCAR this year without Gordon; he's transformed into all the more an easygoing fan than a diehard with regards to watching races. The way Gordon finished his profession - at the time - felt like a farewell. 

Be that as it may, Gordon's arrival won't discolor how the driver finished his full-time profession regardless of what happens on the track, King said. In spite of the fact that it will be odd to see Gordon in the No. 88 after he put in 23 years driving the No. 24, he included. 

&quot;It's most likely one of the strangest things I've encountered as a fan,&quot; King said. 

The number change didn't trouble Betty Koulos, 50, from Naperville, Ill. It's about the driver, she said – not the number. 

What's more, the driver is the reason she made the trek to Indianapolis with her family after beforehand choosing to skirt the race this year. 

At the point when Koulos discovered Gordon may race once more, she was driving and almost needed to pull over. 

&quot;I was simply making an effort not to cry so I could see the street,&quot; she said. 

Earnhardt fans have been making an effort not to sob for an alternate reason. Without the 13-time most prevalent driver at the track, some of his fans said they feel empty. 

&quot;I'm not purchasing a system; I'm not purchasing anything,&quot; said Paul Bunnell, 33, from close-by Lawrenceburg. &quot;I don't need anything to recollect that this by. Not under any condition. It never happened.&quot; 

Bunnell, wearing a No. 88 top and green No. 88 shirt, said he would not have gone to the race if a companion hadn't as of now gotten him a carport pass. At the point when Earnhardt sat out a week ago's race at New Hampshire Motor Speedway, Bunnell declined to watch. 

He unquestionably does not have any desire to see Gordon win in the No. 88, he said, in light of the fact that he's concerned it would make Earnhardt look terrible. Earnhardt is winless so far this season in his second year with team boss Greg Ives. The group won three times and met all requirements for the Chase a year ago. Gordon has a record five wins here. 

&quot;On the off chance that Gordon wins, will be next to myself,&quot; Bunnell said. &quot;Everybody will say it's the driver – not the group, not the team boss – only rather the driver.&quot; 

Ashley Ewing, a 28-year-old from Franklin, Ind., said she didn't need Gordon to win in the No. 88 auto – yet for an alternate reason. 

&quot;No some portion of me needs to see Gordon escape that auto in triumph path on Sunday,&quot; she said. &quot;That is Dale Jr's. auto, and seeing another person win in it – I wouldn't be cool with that.&quot;