Get rid of mosquitoes. 
mosquitos trap that works
ew people warm to the thought of a mosquito or more buzzing around their room at night. A pest in many parts of the world, the mosquito spreads disease and even when it is disease-free, imparts itchy discomfort to those it bites.

Getting rid of mosquitoes, both through repelling them and removing sources of them in a small area is something every individual inflicted with mosquito visitors can do. In this article, you'll find a range of ways to assist you in your battle against the mosquito in your environment.

Kill the mosquito by grabbing it out of the air. Unless you practice this a great deal, you will find it hard to accomplish and the air of your moving hand gives the mosquito plenty of warning, and can even blow it out of your grasp. 

Kill the mosquito with a mosquito swatter. The swatter, usually made of a thicker metal or plastic, is mounted on the end of a springy wire, dramatically increasing your chances of hitting a stationary mosquito by increasing the momentum of the swat. You can also use your hand in a similar flipping motion.

    Mosquito swatters can come in many shapes and sizes. Any item that will make your arm longer, and therefore your swing faster, will suffice including rolled up magazines.


3
Kill the flying mosquito with a double-handed clap. Using two hands is more effective than one, as the air coming from each hand will blow the mosquito into the opposing palm. 

5
If none of these techniques works, you may want to give it another try by catching the mosquito with a transparent cup. Slowly place a cup (preferably a hard material) over the mosquito and then slide some paper underneath this cup. This gives you control over the mosquito and you can set it loose outdoors if this is your preference. 
sunscreen, apply it before insect repellent.

    Repellents containing 30% to 50% DEET (N,N-diethyl-m-toluamide) are recommended for adults and children over 2 months of age and are effective for several hours. Repellents with lower amounts of DEET offer shorter-term protection and must be applied more often.[1]
    Repellents containing up to 15% picaridin, which must be applied often, are available in the US. Repellents with higher concentrations of picaridin may be available in some regions outside the US.[1]
    Protect infants less than 2 months of age by using a carrier draped with mosquito netting with an elastic edge for a tight fit rather using a repellent.[1]
If you're concerned about DEET in the insecticide, do some research before purchasing such a repellent. While there are claims online such as "University studies are coming out daily proving that many repellents cause cancer, tumors and more", note that many of these claims are based on studies where rats (or other laboratory mammals) have been exposed to exceptionally large quantities of repellent (usually 100% DEET) in unrealistic mg/Kg ratios of body mass, for an extended period of time. For the average consumer, 10-30% of DEET will be effective and should not pose a health risk. All directions will inherently have significant safety margins built in.

    New polymerized 30% DEET cream formulations provide excellent protection not significantly exceeded by higher DEET concentrations.
    Alternatively, try something without DEET in it if you remain unconvinced of the its safety. In April of 2005, the CDC began recommending two new active ingredients as safe, effective repellents. The first, marketed as Cutter Advanced, is Picaridin. Picaridin is odorless, has a pleasant feel, and doesn't plasticize like DEET. Studies have shown it to be as fully repellent to mosquitoes as DEET and can also be applied on infants as young as 2 months. The 15% Picaridin formulation, Cutter Advanced Sport, is also an effective repellent for ticks. Another option is to use IR3535 (Avon Bug Guard Plus Expedition). Note that both these alternatives do not last as long as DEET products.
    Ask your pharmacist or doctor for more advice.
Consider natural solutions if you don't like synthesized repellents. For some, the use of chemical deterrents manufactured by combining synthetic chemicals in the laboratory is asking them to place too much faith in chemical combinations that do have valid questions hanging over their long-term safety. If you'd rather implement precaution, there are many natural solutions, with the main proviso being that most of these need more frequent application or use than the chemical versions. As with any natural solution, their effectiveness depends on the situation, your own skin chemistry, and the exact type of mosquito you're dealing with.