Panelists were asked what is key for small/mid-cap operators to be successful.  Charles J. Herman, Jr., President, Seniors Housing and Post-Acute, Health Care REIT, Inc. stated that connectivity is a key theme for his organization. Connectivity in regard to service providers in the market place, residents in the building, and with families of the ones being cared for was a key success factor. Herman said “It’s about taking down the shroud of secrecy behind the business and providing a new light on our space."

Doug Korey, President, Lancaster Pollard Finance Company, LLC mentioned two factors, the first being patience and persistence. Korey said “If you bypass the 1% interest rates, if you bypass how low of a cap rate people are telling you are worth, just get past that thought. If you want to be in the industry for a long time you have to have faith and persistence.” The second factor was collaboration. Working with other types of providers within your community to prevent a silo approach to thought processes.

Kenneth Segarnick, Chief Corporate Officer, Brandywine Senior Living, said focus on brand was the key to small/mid-cap operator success. “Focus on your brand, and every qualitative decision you make and that body of work is being manifested in your brand, because whether there are consolidating forces coming, or if you are trying to figure out how to get a better seat at the table with health systems that you operate nearby as part of your referral source, your brand is an essential part of your admission ticket.” Segarnick continued by stating “Focus on doing the right thing, being committed to your brand and recognize how important that is to the operations, to your physical plant, to your investment, to your partners and to your seat at the health care table.”

Robert Kramer, Chief Executive Officer, NIC, concludes the panel discussion with mention of key themes that resonated during the NIC Regional Business & Strategies Forum including transparency, technology and opportunity. Kramer applies actionable insight to these words and what they mean to small/mid-cap operators in today’s setting.