RIVERS OF THE WORLD FOUNDATION IS PARTNERING WITH THE ILILO RIVER DEVELOPMENT COUNCIL TO PROTECT THE ILOILO RIVER, ILILO CITY, PHILIPPINES.
Iloilo River, its Resource Use
Iloilo River is actually an estuarine that is 15 km long. It derives fresh water from the rivers and creeks that are connected to it and saline
water from the sea that feeds it. Iloilo River maintains a high level of productive biological activities. It serves as nursery for many important fish
species such as bangus and tilapia; and the rise and fall of the tide makes it possible for nutrients (such as planktons and detritus) to circulate in
and out of the estuary. Iloilo River is home to 22 of the country's 35 mangrove species and the rare emerald shrimp species, metapenaues
insolitus.
To some residents of the city who are dependent on fishing, it is a source of sustenance and livelihood. Its estuarine characteristic is an
ideal source of brackish water for fishpond cultivation.
Human Activities
Iloilo River played a very important role in the history of Iloilo City. For it would not have been the "Queen City of the South" without
its inherent physical location. Iloilo River wharf was constructed in the 1800's with the rise of sugar trade in Negros. Majority of the earlier
developments in Station 1 are attributed to the efforts of Nicolas Loney, a British Consul, who campaigned for support from among the overseas
mercantile community without the help from the Spanish government. Stone warehouses sprouted along the river after the first one was built in
1857. Among the improvements made possible by the fund contributions were widening of the waterfront, construction of a "good quay wall"
and the purchase of a dredging machine from England.
Majority of the current changes occurring in the Iloilo River ecosystem originate from human activities. Out of the total 180 barangays in
Iloilo City, thirty-five (35) are found along Iloilo River. Land use along Iloilo River is a combination of residential, commercial, institutional,
open space, fishpond, transport facility and mangrove areas. Port facilities, storage facilities, commercial buildings, offices in combination with
residential structures surround Station 1 (Quirino Bridge- Parola).
Hotels, schools, hospitals, offices in combination with residential units surround Station 2 (IBRD Bridge-Quirino Bridge). Stations 3
(Carpenters Bridge --IBRD Bridge) and 4 (Carpenter's -- Upper portion of Iloilo River) are predominantly utilized for fishery activities, fishpond
cultivation and salt beds with some residential use.

Local Action -- the Creation of Iloilo River Development Council
To address the problem of improving the environmental quality of the estuary while providing economic development opportunities, the
City of Iloilo sought support from various sectors in the preparation of the Iloilo River Master Plan.. Completed sometime in 2004, the plan laid
the foundations for the creation of a multi-agency, consultative and coordinative body, the Iloilo River Development Council (IRDC). Its
primary functions are as follow:
a) implement the master plan
b) promote co-regulation, co-monitoring and co-implementation;
c) provide the setting for inter-action where complementing, conflicting functions can be effectively coordinated ; and
d) provide the venue for consultation of common issues affecting project implementation, monitoring and law enforcement.
The IRDC operates in consonance with the Iloilo River Master Plan, which seeks to:
a) preserve the water quality and ecology;
b) minimize flood;
c) promote eco-tourism;
d) generate space along the river banks and the provision of access to the river;
e) enhance scenery;
f) improve the quality of life in the river;
g) promote fishery and economic potential of the river; and
h) improve circulation in the vicinity and construction of essential structures
Since its establishment in 2005, the council has been taking up issues and problems affecting environmental quality of the estuary as well
as matters pertaining to economic development. It has taken initiatives to promote co-regulation and has provided the venue for inter-agency
coordination. To date, the council is finalizing the Implementing Rules and Regulations (IRR) of the Iloilo River Master Plan.