Find information on the full portfolio of HP Latex Printers here: http://hp.tl/6005BQbjH

Hear directly from users how HP Latex Printing Technology gives them an unfair advantage. With unrivaled versatility, outstanding print quality, ease of use and high environmental standards (learn more below), HP Latex customers are delivering work their clients love. 

HP introduced HP Latex Printing in 2008 as a water-based alternative to solvent inks. Since then, HP has shipped more than 15,000 HP Latex printers worldwide (as reported by HP in Q3 FY2013) and customers, including those you see here, have helped print more than 100 million square meters with HP Latex Inks. 

The new HP Latex 3000 Printer takes this proven technology to new heights, allowing customers to deploy the benefits of water based HP Latex Inks with a new level of industrial-scale speed and efficiency. 

Delivering odorless prints ideal for sensitive indoor display environments (note: some substrates may have inherent odor), HP Latex Inks help create a safe and comfortable printing environment for print shop staff. HP Latex Inks are UL ECOLOGO and GREENGUARD Gold Certified(SM), while prints meet AgBB criteria and are A+ rated according to Émissions dans l'air intérieur.

UL ECOLOGO Certification to UL 2801 demonstrates that an ink meets a range of stringent criteria related to human health and environmental considerations (see ul.com/EL). HP Latex Inks are GREENGUARD Gold Certified(SM) (www.greenguard.org).

HP PVC-free Wall Paper printed with HP Latex Inks meets AgBB criteria for health-related evaluation of VOC emissions of indoor building products (www.umweltbundesamt.de/produkte-e/bauprodukte/agbb.htm). Émissions dans l'air intérieur provides a statement on the  level of emission of volatile substances in indoor air posing health risks if inhaled—on a scale from A+ (very low-emission) to C (high-emission).

Put an HP Latex Printer to work for your business. Learn more about HP Latex Printing Technology here: http://hp.tl/6005BQbjH

The HP Latex 3000 Printer has been replaced by the HP Latex 3100 Printer. Learn more about the HP Latex 3100 Printer here: http://hp.tl/6002BaYJ6