Download on ITUNES: http://bit.ly/12AeW99 
Hey friends - we wanted to update a few things in our video to be more accurate and appropriate for everyone. And why not try and memorize this song all over again?! Thanks for all your support through the years, and we hope to make more songs like this soon. Sincerely, Mitch and Greg of AsapSCIENCE


DOWNLOAD ON BANDCAMP: http://bit.ly/111Kssd (instrumental available)
Get the AsapSCIENCE Book! http://asapscience.com/book

FOLLOW US!
Instagram and Twitter: @whalewatchmeplz and @mitchellmoffit 
Clickable: http://bit.ly/16F1jeC and http://bit.ly/15J7ube

AsapINSTAGRAM: https://instagram.com/asapscience/
Facebook: http://facebook.com/AsapSCIENCE
Twitter: http://twitter.com/AsapSCIENCE
Tumblr: http://asapscience.tumblr.com
Vine: Search "AsapSCIENCE" on vine!

SNAPCHAT 'whalewatchmeplz' and 'pixelmitch'

Send us stuff!

ASAPSCIENCE INC.
P.O. Box 93, Toronto P
Toronto, ON, M5S2S6


------------------------------------------

Written, Directed, Produced, Edited and Sung by Mitchell Moffit.
Based on the "Can-Can" music, by Offenbach. 

LYRICS:

There's Hydrogen and Helium
Then Lithium, Beryllium
Boron, Carbon everywhere
Nitrogen all through the air

With Oxygen so you can breathe
And Fluorine for your pretty teeth
Neon to light up the signs
Sodium for salty times

Magnesium, Aluminium, Silicon
Phosphorus, then Sulfur, Chlorine and Argon
Potassium, and Calcium so you'll grow strong
Scandium, Titanium, Vanadium and Chromium and Manganese

CHORUS
This is the Periodic Table
Noble gas is stable
Halogens and Alkali react agressively
Each period will see new outer shells
While electrons are added moving to the right

Iron is the 26th
Then Cobalt, Nickel coins you get
Copper, Zinc and Gallium
Germanium and Arsenic

Selenium and Bromine film
While Krypton helps light up your room
Rubidium and Strontium then Yttrium, Zirconium

Niobium, Molybdenum, Technetium
Ruthenium, Rhodium, Palladium
Silver-ware then Cadmium and Indium
Tin-cans, Antimony then Tellurium and Iodine and Xenon and then Caesium and...

Barium is 56 and this is where the table splits
Where Lanthanides have just begun
Lanthanum, Cerium and Praseodymium

Neodymium's next too
Promethium, then 62's
Samarium, Europium, Gadolinium and Terbium
Dysprosium, Holmium, Erbium, Thulium
Ytterbium, Lutetium

Hafnium, Tantalum, Tungsten then we're on to
Rhenium, Osmium and Iridium
Platinum, Gold to make you rich till you grow old
Mercury to tell you when it's really cold

Thallium and Lead then Bismuth for your tummy
Polonium, Astatine would not be yummy
Radon, Francium will last a little time
Radium then Actinides at 89

REPEAT CHORUS

Actinium, Thorium, Protactinium
Uranium, Neptunium, Plutonium
Americium, Curium, Berkelium
Californium, Einsteinium, Fermium
Mendelevium, Nobelium, Lawrencium
Rutherfordium, Dubnium, Seaborgium
Bohrium, Hassium then Meitnerium
Darmstadtium, Roentgenium, Copernicium

Ununtrium, Flerovium
Ununpentium, Livermorium
Ununseptium, Ununoctium
And then we're done!!