Hello and welcome to my Buck Operator guide! Buck is an offensive operator apart of the JTF2 CTU. If you would please subscribe for more Rainbow Six Siege guides. He can equip the C8-SFW assault rifle or the CAMRS Marksman rifle as his primaries. He only has one option for a secondary and it is the Mk1 9mm. As for secondary gadgets he can equip stun grendades or breaching charges. As for his primaries both have their merits. The C8-SFW is automatic and has a larger magazine than the CAMRS, it also has quite a bit of recoil. The CAMRS on the other hand has a much longer range and does more damage, since its a marksman rifle. If you want to stay at range and be precise take the CAMRS. If you want to fight from mid to close range I suggest the C8-SFW. Now you can use either since it comes down to your preference, but I prefer the C8-SFW. I say this because it fires in full auto and I can use the recoil to kick up my body shots into head shots. I also find that it makes the Skeleton Key (Bucks special ability) more useful since you can start an engagement at medium range and slowly move into close range where the Skeleton key will shine brightest. Now when it comes to secondary gadgets it comes down to your personal preference. If you're working with friends I suggest the stun grenades to blind your enemies since that always helps, however if you're playing solo take the breaching charges to push into the objective area. Now onto Buck's special ability: The Skeleton Key. Now the Skeleton key is an underbarrel shot gun that Buck can activate with his main gadget button. It can hold 5 shells in a mag and comes with 17 rounds in total. I'd also like to note right now that using a supply box does replenish ammo for the Skeleton key, which means that you can use the box and get your ammo back if you used it already. Now the Skeleton key is great for many reasons and in many situations but lets start out with the basics. The skeleton key is a shot gun, so it can kill people. What I found during my time is that the amount of ammo it takes to kill an enemy is based on range. If you practically have the barrel up their butt its going to be a one shot kill. If you're further back it will be two shots, then three, then four you know how it is. But in any case you're going to need to be close to your opponent. I also found that the skeleton key is great for opening murder holes. One shot into a wall and you got yourself a new sightline to shoot from. Now this is wonderful, you use the skeleton key to open the murder hole then you switch back to the standard gun and kill your enemies at range. Another useful tactic I found was that if you're being engaged and you have no other option you can use the skeleton kill to blast down a wall so you can retreat. With one to two shots you should have a hole big enough to vault through, after that you can retreat and rethink your strategy. Another strategy is to use the stun grenades to blind your opponents, then flank them and kill them with a few rounds from either your main gun or the skeleton key. Now to the combos and counters. The truth is he can combo well with any breacher and can be countered by any defender. He can help his team mates with murder holes or take down barricades from a distance. Since his special ability is just a shot gun in addition to his regular gun there really isn't any specific counters. Just fill him with bullets, there you countered him! Well I hope you enjoyed this guide and I hope it really helped your game. Once again please like the video to support the channel and please subscribe for more awesome Rainbow Six Siege content. I'm TheBattleMoon and I will see you during the next siege.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Subscribe Here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDne1B5G0ajOvZ1gJAASFqQ

Twitter: https://twitter.com/TheBattleMoon

Twitch: http://www.twitch.tv/thebattlemoon/profile

Get Games Cheaper: https://www.g2a.com/r/thebattlemoon
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------