About Us:
Techsys Consultant Ltd. is one of the leading data acquisition and data processing Company Registered in England & Wales Registration No: 07558654 & INDIA. 
Techsys Consultant Ltd. is a one stop solution for all your outsourcing needs. Our presence is in the UK & INDIA. Our aim is to be the best in the business. 
Being a leading Outsourcing company we have served different size of companies varying from small to market leaders who are in need of quick and professional outsourcing services. Outsourcing various services to us increases productivity and profitability of our clients. Our quick and professional data entry services help to establish and streamline business operations. We provide high quality; times bound and secure outsourcing services with cost effectiveness.
We at Techsys Consultant Ltd. help our clients to create custom solutions that cover all communications channels to create an integrated approach to customer outreach. We use a consultative approach to implement the most cost effective solution by leveraging its knowledge driven and highly automated Customer Interaction Platform.

Our Primary Lines of Business (Services):
ITES:
BPO
Web Designing
SEO Services
RPO
KPO

IT:
Software Testing
Project Outsourcing Company

Human Resource:
UK Payroll Services
Online Training

We are a global service provider. Our services meet the global standards in this competitive market.
We also provide 24/7 Support services to our Customer. We efficiently manage your mind-numbing, routine and time consuming tasks, which in turn helps you to focus only on your core business and which in turn helps reduce your overhead expenses.
With a highly skilled and dedicated team and infrastructure, we are well equipped to complete any challenging or critical project within an optimum time frame.

Our BPO team is well equipped in:
Data Entry
Data Cleansing
Data Processing
Data Mining
File Conversion
EBooks conversion
Proof Reading
XML/ HTML conversion
Forms Processing
Web designing
SEO services

Our RPO team is well equipped in:
Executive Search
Lead Generation
Name Generation




IT Support:
End to End Application Testing
Functional and Non-Functional Testing
Performance Testing
ETL and Migration Activities
Maintenance and Support

Online Training: (Product)
Software Testing
• Manual
• LoadRunner
• SoapUI
Human Resource
• IT Recruitment
• UK Payroll

Techsys Consultant Ltd. is in this business with a long-term vision and its efforts are therefore directed towards building sustainable strengths.
We aim to be associated as business partners rather than a mere third party vendor.
Our beliefs are the guiding lights in reaching these decisions. Our success in the long run would therefore depend upon the translation of these beliefs into a market image. We offer customized business data processing services and software testing training and project handling that match international standards in terms of precision and timely execution.